I grew up with my grandparents bc both my parents had to work various jobs simultaneously, so my gra
My boyfriend made me go to the gynecologist to talk about getting an ablation after watching me stru
I had an ingrown hair cyst surgically removed from my butt crack. My SO had to help me stuff new gau
During her first pregnancy, my wife vomited brown, congealed blood every night for her entire second
My wife and I came to understand that we can sleep apart for the sake of comfort and good rest, with
I'm prone to developing cysts. Mostly they just hang out, and sometimes go away on their own, but ev
Nursing my late husband through squamous cell carcinoma and thyroid cancer. Diagnosed end of Novembe
The last few years before my mother passed away, she had horrible diarrhea & had lost most of her mo
When my husband and I first married, I had a surgery to remove a tumor from my chest. The surgery si
My first child was a still born...holding my wife while we both bawled our eyes out as she vomited o
My husband and I often end up showering together, and one night as he was about to get in he said “n
To all those sharing their stories, thank you. I expected some funny stories, and instead I've read 
My husband's family lived across the country and used to send us boxes of their almost new, good qua
My wife passes out. A lot. It has to do with a medical condition she has, but it can happen at almos
June of 2017 I had an accident that resulted in my left index being amputated at the first knuckle, 
My boyfriend texted me one day when he was at the gym that he believed his rectum had prolapsed. No 
I have a now 12 year old daughter who is not biologically his, however she calls him Dad now and he 
Why am I reading this I don't even have a girlfriend.
She was so sick that she was laying on the floor shitting herself and puking on herself. I carried h
My SO puked in the parking lot on our first date. BEFORE we even got into the restaurant. I thought 
We both got viscous food poisoning from chipotle. We both had diarrhea and we were both vomiting for
Definitely pranking each other thoroughly.

I spent a little more than a year randomly sending him e
When she took out a maggot that had burrowed under my skin . She has a insectphobia. Knew she was a 
My wife was battling cancer and couldn’t poop from all the medication she was given. So I had to giv
I donated a kidney to him. Then when his would wouldn’t close four weeks later, I packed and dressed
Our first child was 8 weeks premature because I got preeclampsia and needed an emergency c-section. 
My wife was soooooo sick. Like could barely stand sick. She crawled to the toilet and was rolling an
When your wife has a tough pregnancy she sometimes needs help with basic human processes which are n
The second night we had overnight relations he sharted at 3am while we were fast asleep. Nothing lik
We were actually on a romantic getaway weekend in the mountains. I was still breastfeeding at the ti
I had an awful stomach bug. I dry heaved so hard I fainted and fell out of bed. When my husband came
When I was in labor with our third baby, I had to shit. Like soooo bad. The nurses were wanting to c
Been having a tough two weeks that causes my anxiety to get high, which in turn causes me to become 
After dating for a year I was diagnosed with terminal cancer. He proposed. He married me knowing I'm
When I was first dx with crohns disease my SO would have to carry me to the toilet and I would screa
When we'd been married about 10 years, two little kids, jobs not paying enough to cover daycare and 
My husband acted as the lone pallbearer for our newborn son’s funeral. 

I carried him for nearly hi
I have bipolar disorder and have had two episodes of psychotic mania and he has dealt with them like
Four months into dating my husband, boyfriend at the time obviously, he had to take me to my colonos
I had a severe attack of gastroenteritis. It was coming out of both ends.

So I'm lying in bed and I
I got too drunk one night and puked shortly after arriving home with my bf. Didn't make it to the to
She died 10 years ago.  I have not dated since.

But while we were married she vomited the whole tim
I got black out drunk, puked all over my then boyfriend (now husband) restroom and bedroom.

Woke up
We just moved in together in 2015. That summer some weird tummy bug was going around and I got it. W
Had extreme morning sickness, vomited a few times between the hall and the toilet, and he had to cle
I scratched an itch on my foot using his heel callus. He looked at me, asked if I really just did th
In the first months of dating during one of our first intimate encounters my partner stopped to poin
We spend the majority of our time at home doing our own separate things. We have two TVs in our livi
I recently had a second heart catheterization to check my heart for blockages (thankfully there were
My Wife likes squeezing black heads out of my back. At normal glance it doesn't look like I have any
As someone who has a chronic health condition these comments give me hope for a future relationship.
I was having a panic attack and he was in the bathroom.  He called me in there because he could hear
My husband had a thrombosed hemorrhoid that needed an incision. After the procedure I helped him mak
Theres a lot of poop/health related comments on here, so I’ll provide a different type of experience
I had MRSA and my wound had to be packed with silver nitrate and wound tape to assure it didn't clos
Lotta poop comments, here's another:

He was laying on his back on the floor. I stood over him and p
I was throwing up in front of him for the first time, he was holding my hair back with one hand whil
My girlfriend was just leaving as my Roomate came home. I walked her out to her car and came back in
He stayed with me through my laryngeal cancer, through my permanent loss of my voice from it, throug
ITT: So. Much. Poop.
I fainted in the shower, hit my head and was knocked unconscious. My husband called the ambulance. B
He was an amazing dad when I had post-partum anxiety and depression. And he’d never been around babi
When I was pregnant af my fiance shaved my legs and cut my toenails for me.
I fell down some steps and broke both my arms. My husband wiped my butt and helped me shower/wash my
Was in a car crash and broke my back. Wasn’t paralysed but was pretty messed up. I found getting was
6 months into a new relationship, he and I took a road trip to go meet my parents. On the way down, 
I didn’t have a job when we were first dating and he knew I was embarassed that he had to pay my way
My girlfriend once threw up on me while we were having sex. Apparently, she wasn't feeling well, but
We’ve been married 13 years, together for 17. Early on in our marriage, we agreed to keep our petty 
My husband helped me on and off the toilet when I was recovering from having our son. At one point I
This will probably get buried, but whatever. 

About 2 months into my relationship with my husband, 
Man all of these are like medical conditions and crazy stuff like that.. One time my girlfriend just
We were grinding with clothes on in bed, running hands all over each other. I put my hand over her t
Infertility. 
My husband had to pull poop out of my butt because I was so constipated from painkillers after surge
My husband held a bedpan under my ass while I was in labor to help me use the bathroom, because I re
My partner had a sebaceous(?) cyst on her ass that needed a minor procedure. After watching them cut
Not the sickness type I'm seeing here. But one time, just six months into dating and after sex, my n
My husband got diarrhea so bad that it went everywhere in our bathroom, and I accidentally sat in it
In 2014 we had just moved in with each other and I had the first of 3 TIA’s (migraines with stroke l
I aimed for him when he was too drunk to do it himself. He had to tell me more than once to stop squ
We got married recently and it wasn’t exactly a super traditional groom-doesn’t-see-bride-until-wedd
I had had a contentious conversation with a fellow board member (charity organization), the next day
This is super gross and descriptive so beware. 

I got sick around 20 weeks pregnant after attending
I threw up in his car. Twice. We were on the way to the hospital due to food poisoning. He was okay 
My husband fished our miscarried fetus out of the toilet with a slotted spoon, put it into a ziplock
My beloved saw my gizzards being taken out during the C section of our daughter. That's my sticking 
My then girlfriend and I went to visit my parents about 90 miles from home after eating Christmas di
My partner and I went on a trip together in 2017 that ended in Washington, DC. On the last day of ou
TW: Miscarriage



It was a horrible time for both of us. We were 14 weeks in and learned that our l
Helped me with my underwear after my c section. I went to the bathroom, they fell to around my ankle
My mom was having some monetary problems and other family stuff hanging over her head. Basically she
I had pneumonia that went undiagnosed a week later than it should have because of my old healthcare 
Early on into my now wife's and I relationship we were taking our first shower together, nothing sex
My husband gave me lovenox shots, which if you ever had them you know they burn like a bitch, for we
So, according to this entire thread all I need to do is shit and love will come. Thank you Reddit fo
When my husband and I watch movies together, if animal shows up, he’ll pause the movie so I can chec
I built my wife a garden box in the back yard for her birthday last year.  She's been having trouble
I like my pubes to be trimmed very closely/shaved. 

Husband will "perform surgery" on me to remove 
I pluck the hairs from my bfs ears for him. It's oddly satisfying. 
I had a huge, painful pimple inside my ear that I couldn’t pop by myself, especially without being a
Our third date was on a Sunday and I locked my keys in my car while at his house. I couldn't contact
A few weeks after we were married, my husband and I were laying in bed relaxing, and out of nowhere 
I was on my way to get our kids from daycare after work one day and it was pouring. My husband took 
My boyfriend farted on my back when giving me a massage. We still laugh about it fairly often.
Easter 2018, the boyfriend and I were riding around Sunday evening to find a nice meal to celebrate 
Not much compared to some things, but the first time he farted in front of me was because he was lau
I'm mostly at peace with being single, until I read some of the sweet stories here. Damn.. 
I got pregnant and when we went in for an early heartbeat check we learned I had miscarried.  I had 
At the beginning of our relationship, right after breakfast and right before a football game the lad
I had to scrape her off the floor and put her back on the toilet after she nearly fainted and slippe
I wax my SOs butt crack regularly. He says it helps him poop better. Nothin like stickin hot wax on 
When I had to be taken to the ER and was in Diabetic Ketoacidosis and admitted to the ICU my then bo
My girlfriend had just moved to a new city to live with me. So while we had known each other for a l
My then-boyfriend spent an evening with me trying to give one of my cats a pill. He's a difficult, h
My freshman year of college, I got mono which turned into viral meningitis and gave me something cal
Hopefully my husband doesn’t see this but basically one time I had this horrible pain in the lower r
This will be buried, but the guy I was dating for 3 months was at my house on a Sunday evening when 
I'm preggers, so my husband has taken up litterbox duties without complaint. We have 5 litter boxes.
One time, me and my girl were in the middle of oral in my dorm room, we got a knock on the door. We 
I had an ingrown hair that got really infected in my crotch. (Male to the left of my stuff) had to g
My car broke down on my way to work.  She had been on unpaid leave after the birth of our child abou
Our German Apple pancake. 

First you sauté Granny Smiths in clarified butter. 

Then add three ladl
The taco pizza at the pizza place I worked at. It had like 17 toppings, half of them had to go on af
I was a cook in a bar briefly at one point. The thing I hate most of all was burger sliders. Same am
I worked at a cafe at a bowling alley , the place was brand new but all the food related stuff was o
Meat and cheese trays. They are wildly time consuming. 100 bucks a tray 30 dollars in food, at least
Combo meals or a dish that has a handful of everything. For example, a breakfast combo might have eg
ravioli because we had to hand make each individual one, took absolutely ages. 
Used to cook breakfast in a busy diner. Eggs Benedict would always fuck my mornings up
The veggie burgers at the place I work were a nightmare for ages. The way we were
supposed to cook t
we have a pork thing that I only hate making because due to the packaging you have to make a minimum
I’m a cake decorator but we decorate other things as well. Anything gingerbread related around Chris
Chicken fingers. Being an upscale steakhouse we were always supposed to hand make them from cut up a
We do a bunch of varying things where I work, steak plates, pastas, pizzas, some fish/seafood. 

I t
I used to get the chopped salad and ask them not to chop it. They always looked so relieved. 
I'm definitely just an employee at Five Guys and not a real kitchen chef but I just have to say that
Former line cook checking in.  We got a new chef at this one place I worked who had a hard-on for an
I'm expo at a french restaurant and the cooks hate making the burger. Mainly because it's boring and
To be honest in my previous place. I hated the carpaccio. Bitch I had to cut that stuff fresh on the
I know it sounds dumb, but bear with me.

Grilled cheeses. Making them at home on a stove or whateve
Not a chef, just a cook at a lunchroom. We have this board of small bites people can order. You need
When I worked at Rice Garden (kinda like panda express) I used to HATE cooking the orange chicken. T
I want to hear from someone that works at Burger King how the 10 for a dollar nuggets effects them. 
Cheese plates, I've had some really nice cheese plates on my menu in several restaurants and I have 
Definitely not a chef but in a smoothie place I worked there was a drink with beets in it and it's s
People that have no idea about steaks and think a very well done steak should still be juicy.
I'm not a chef. But apparently the chef at a (now closed) local Scottish pub I used to frequent hate
I've worked at a few places of varying quality. My current is extremely mediocre, any food on the ki
Breakfast. Any replacement, addition, special requests will be made at breakfast. They are the longe
Making a fresh pie when everything is clean and there is literally one minute before the kitchen is 
I worked as a chef when I was younger, the only thing I truly hated making was consomme, some dipshi
I work at a pizza place. The thing we hate the most are salads and subs, cause when you’re in rush a
Ive worked service all my life, the thing i loathe is the make it up as you go along order, may i ha
At my work we try to keep entrees to going out before 10 minutes after they ordered and mains going 
Not a chef, but I did make pretzels for Auntie Anne's one summer. This one woman came by and asked f
I worked at a movie theater and one time at 8 right before we were going to close (It was a weekday 
When I worked at subway, i loathed to do the chopped salads. You had to get a bowl and chop the vegg
Obligatory 'not a chef and not even a place that has chefs really' but I once worked drive-thru at M
Anything with jalepeno. Handling them is a pain in the ass.
Things that aren't on the menu, we have linguini pasta, no I won't "whip you up a quick lasagna" as 
ITT: every cook hates making everything
No one will see this, but for weirdos who scroll to the bottom, tamales. I love tamales, but dear go
I'm finished with Brulee, all kinds. I've torched more Brulee than I ever care to think about. Sheet
Not a chef but I worked at Starbucks for five years. I hated all Frappuccino’s. Not just because the
Shrimp tacos, a shrimp on a flat top doesn't need a lot of time to cook. I can see and have even eat
Charcuterie board because I ain't got time for that.
I worked at PF Chang's in college. All of the cooks told us to dissuade the guests from ordering shr
I worked at this place that was kind of an early adopter of the slow food / farm to table movement. 
Anything gluten free. It's a serious issue for people who are actually allergic to it, so we have to
I was a pantry chef (line cook) at macaroni grill in college, responsible for salads, appetizers, an
Fucking chawan mushi.

A local bar I used to go to had a stuffed crab burger that was so so sooooo good! I remember the las
I was lucky enough to work at Augusta National in the caddy house for the Master's one year.  Herb w
Though I have been a chef before, I'm gonna sneak this answer in: If you order a lite beer (Bud, Mil
I worked at a Japanese restaurant and our house specialty roll was a giant roll (14 pieces) that was
all of them... except pancake for some reason
I must just be a bastard, because all I want is to eat all of these delicious things you are describ
When I was cheffing, it was carbonara. Last thing you need in the middle of a rush in 488283 minutes
Worked in several restaurants.

Pizza place-Pizza. Especially pepperoni. Pizza is actually pretty fi
Not a chef, but worked a line at a fine dining restaurant. Chef loved this bullshit apple bread she 
The cooks at the bar I always go too hate making anything.
Baker here - We have a regular special set item that requires a shit ton of items that have to be dr
My oh my oh my.....Fucking beer battered pickle chips. Imagine how shitty this is first and foremost
In a small town an old roommate of mine would come home bitching about making the specific house nac
Former Starbucks Barista ( obv not a chef, but people behind the counter will glare at you profoundl
I can't really think of a certain dish because I've been out of the game for so long but I definitel
Last place i worked at had me running the busy brunch rush by myself on the saute line. Were talking
Fried green tomatoes. It’s not cooking them that sucks, it’s prepping 90000 of them every time I hav
Cheeseboards.

So many items; so little time.


Seared Ahi Tuna appetizers.  I really don't like having to run around the kitchen of my job (local t
Husband is a chef. Lately he's been complaining about these stuffed jalapenos that they've been maki
Knew a Chef who had PB&J on the menu for $100. I asked if it was a typo. He said after all the money
I worked at a BBQ place and my answer is 100% without a doubt coleslaw. Do you know how much colesla
This is crazy but, lettuce. Pick off the bad pieces, wash it, dry it, gets water everywhere. 
I’m not a chef anymore, but spent several years as a chef before I decided to quit and go to law sch
Can I piggyback off of this and ask chefs in non-chain restaurants: 

If I came to a restaurant and 
We have this bizarre, horrible macaroni and cheese "waffle" thing with fried chicken and the worst c
Worked at a bar and grill in college and hated when pasta orders came in. Not because it was hard to
At Ruth's Chris Steakhouse (as well as other places,) you can order a seafood tower which is a pleth
I worked at potbelly sandwiches in high school. 

They had a pb&j sandwich on the menu. 

Because of
Our smoked pork chop.

It has components that come off of three stations in the kitchen, and when ev
Pick up litter and throw it away
Don't be a cunt. You're 14, so it's easy and pretty funny to be a cunt. Don't be a cunt.
Ask kids your age, especially those you may not normally speak with, how their day has been and how 
Be nice to your peers and invite those who don't have friends to join your group. Stand up for peopl
You are going to go to high school soon. High school is one of the socially hardest parts of life. D
Try to stand up for, or at least listen to, those who are in some way weaker or less fortunate that 
Smile at people.

There's a post somewhere in the world of a person who was going to commit suicide 
Pick up litter. Buy local. Put shopping carts in shopping corrals instead of leaving them in parking
Volunteering for an organization you like is a good place to start. Maybe an animal shelter or a nur
Learn/know how to take a lesson. Listen to everything, then decide whether or not it's worth it to f
Befriend those that are ostracized at school. If you see anyone being left out, talk to them. Speak 
Become a good listener.
wear deodorant. 
Plant a tree
Don't treat the girls you date like trash and forget what you've seen in porn when having sex.
If you witness bullying or are a victim of it, tell somebody. All that "no snitching" shit was made 
Get involved. Community theater, Boy Scouts, sports, band, and any other group or volunteer like pos
Do you have parents? Try to remember that they are just regular people doing their best, and they mi
Not fortnite dance.
An easy one is using cruelty free products 
**1. Don't be evil.**

Literally the baseline. Just don't do bad things, try to get 100% on this one
There’s a lot of really bad advice in this thread. The better stuff will probably get upvoted over t
Be nice and courteous to everyone. You don’t know whose going through a hard time. Also be aware tha
Exactly what you’re doing. Just having that attitude right there will make a difference someday. 
A 14-year-old boy can, by his words and actions, inspire both adults and peers to become better peop
Keep asking questions like this. 
Be inquisitive. If you see a problem, try to find a reasonable solution or way to aid in the situati
Open your mind to all opportunities.  Don't follow the tribalistic nature of most cultures. Listen a
hey 13 yearold here

&#x200B;

as it stands, we are still pretty young so not much.

still, don't le
For the most part be a good influence on your friends and social groups. Make your future and other 
Have an opinion of your own about everything and try listening to others opinions too and balance th
Karma isn't mystical thing, but if everyone does kind things for each other it works its way back to
Don't be a dick online
Visit/volunteer at a nursing home

Some of these elders get visitors once a year. 
I feel like simply saying please and thank you is an easy way
Try not to let school destroy your curiosity.

Think in the long term: Aim to learn new things every
Get a good education, listen to his elders and watch the mistakes adults make to learn from them.
Learn about consent and really internalize that.  
Be a leader. Stop following social media fads. 
Just be nicer to other people
Start that reduce reuse and recycle habit early 
Absorb the world. I left the US first and for the last almost 20 years when I was 19. 

Listen. Eat.
The world's responsibilities aren't on a 14 year old's shoulders, enjoy being 14, but be nice to peo
Help your parents. Clean after yourself. Look around you and put whatever is out of place in its pro
It's hard enough enough to change yourself, it's a hell of a lot harder tlo change other people. If 
Volunteer at save the children. Raise awareness about Kashmir/palestine. Cook food for homeless shel
Make sure you start voting as soon as you're legally allowed.
Be kind.
Just do your best to do what’s right in everyday life. Also liking the username btw! 
Find that kid at school who sits alone at lunch, or who doesn't join in generally, and do something 
The best thing you can do is learn to care for yourself and take care of your own needs.

Once you l
Volunteering. I've been volunteering for years (i started when i was 12 or 13) and I can't begin to 
Firstly: be a good person, don't hurt anyone.  Try to help where you can, ON A PERSONAL LEVEL at fir
My tips for life:

 1. tell the truth (unless you have to protect someone, or vouch)

 2. Don't humb
Be a gentleman and be respectful. 
Use deodorant
Treat every person you meet with dignity and respect, especially when they least deserve it. Your ki
Work hard today. Study really really well. So that when you are able you will be able to do somethin
Pick up litter and stop playing fortnite
Learn about the Venus project. 
Treat everyone kindly and don’t air your opinions everywhere. One persons awesomeness spreads so far
Guerrilla gardening?
Be clearheaded and lucid about what you do know and what you've taken other people's word for becaus
Aim to do at least one selfless act a day. 
Weird. I’m a senior in high school, I’m guessing you’re a freshman? Be nice to your teachers. Talk t
Grow up to be a good/present Dad, if you choose to have children. 
Don't follow obnoxious people on social media. It's an act and all they want to do is sell you their
Don't bother your parents with shitty 14 year old attitudes. Ever.
Tidy his room
Turn off the lights when leaving a room. Shower 3 minutes less when showering than what you normally
Compliments and little gifts. Like a bar of chocolate, a banana, and an "I really like your shoes" w
Find your passion. 
Just slightly try your best in life. 
By shutting the fuck up in game chat
Be kind, listen to people and never disrespect someone. Be an example for those who are younger than
Volunteer at soup kitchens
Take this coin. When you find a ship from Bravos, present the captain with this coin and say these w
Don’t use slurs. 
Be a friend to the kid in your class who has no friends.  He has worth, he has value, he is lonely. 
At 14? Be a better person. Be kind, be thoughtful, have empathy, always seek to improve yourself. Do
Be kind to those less fortunate (but still deserving). They will always remember
[Make your bed every day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxBQLFLei70)

watch the video and hopefull
Be friendly enough not to look like a target.  
learn how to meditate and teach your friends. 
Simply be nice ! Show some manners in public and you're 110% better than the average 14 yo
When you see me on public transportation give me your chair. Only to me.
Clean your room!
try to work on moral values and know what is right and wrong. Be critic with all you hear or read. N
Stop playing fortnite.
"Be kind. For everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about."
Edit: spelling
1. There are surely old lonely neighbors for whom simple tasks like removing snow or grocery shoppin
Initiate a conversation with that introverted kid in the school. 
start a youtube career by learning how to produce and edit fun videos.  you can make a lot of money 
Start studying calculus and advanced classical mech. At least what I’m doing!
Practice kindness when you don’t feel like it. 

Civilization was built on the backs of people putti
Volunteer
Grow up and become an adult. 

The people who make the world a better place take care of themselves 
Go to an elderly home and keep them company. Elderly people are very lonely
It's looking forward a bit, but start reading about politics. Start forming opinions that you've res
Smile and wave at people as you walk past. Some may look weirded out but many people just need someo
Just be nice to people. The teacher you think is too strict, the weird kid in your class, the cashie
Do beach cleanups, Volunteer at Hospitals etc..
Treat your elders well, respect your parents and grandparents.
Work towards bettering the environment in any way you can, no matter how small, conserve electricity
Learn to play a musical instrument and/or sing so you can make music for yourself and others. 
Aim properly when peeing 
Convince everyone you know that fortnite dances aren't cool
In addition to everything else that has been mentioned, don't forget to be kind to yourself, the wor
Educate yourself about the basic essentials of life:

Save money  
Balance your income and expenses 
Kids organized the march for our lives. As far as I know, kids can do anything. Whatever you want to
When I was 14 I spent my Saturdays at a volunteer program at my local hospital. It was a great exper
Educate yourself, my friend. Learn about social issues, environmental issues, history, random things
Recycle and for the love of god don't be obnoxious in public. Seeing quiet or respectfully loud 14 y
Continue to grow up with respect and compassion towards your fellow human. 

When i was 14 me and my
Don't be a dick is a great start. So is using common sense. 2 simple yet often neglicted things.

Al
Be kind to the people around him.
Late to the party so this will likely get missed, but write thank you notes to your parents and teac
Start a school wide fundraiser to build water Wells in deprived areas. I did that when I was 14.
[Baz Luhrmann - Everybody's Free To Wear Sunscreen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTJ7AzBIJoI) .. 
It was funny, didn't mean to have it on caps lock though. 
Have an open mind. Listen to a new song often, try a new dish on the menu, hear someone out on their
Learn the three laws of logic.
His homework. 
- Not fuck somebody's daughter 
Volunteer with community projects
Be open minded. Don’t make all of your opinions and world views based on what your political party o
Uninstall Fortnite.
Smile
Be pleasant to people, abide by your ethics and don't get roped into being a cunt by copying others 
SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE 
Learn to forgive. At a young age, and even at older ages it can be difficult. But be willing to forg
Learn computer science. Create a better alternative to Facebook, then just don't be a dick
https://www.sunrisemovement.org/
Send me 100$
Be nice to girls - dont be misogynist, learn about consent, dont make rape jokes, accept that no mea
work on yourself first, aim to become something great that will set you up to do good for the world 
Well first of all, don't go anywhere near a Pope or highly regarded religious member
Plant trees.
Find a magic sword, learn how to do magic and defeat the Big Bad

Caveat, you must be born on a farm
Be polite and respectful to everyone you meet. And do something nice for that geek you're sharing Sa
Drink more ovaltine.
Do not get swayed with pop culture/ celebrities. They don't give any fucks and live lives like its t
Stop playing fortnite.
To have true teachings of Jesus Christ in your heart to love one another. Not the way it is twisted 
You can look up "Folding @ Home" by Standford EDU and also BOINC by UC Berkeley and run them on your
Read up on philosophy. I started at 27 y.o and I'm already seeing significant benefits from doing so
There's this Swedish guy fighting an Indian army and he needs all the help he can get to save the wo
Just take a shower now and again m8
Don't get into the windowless van when a stranger offers you candy... You don't want that candy...
Michael Jackson had it right:

"I'm looking at the man in the mirror.
I'm asking him to change his w
Not be a cringe lord or a prick
You have already started the process of making the world a better place by thinking you should do so
Graduate, get a proper job and pay taxes.
Don't become a nazi.
Subscribe to PewDiePie
Scroll threw reddit with your left hand an upvote stuff
When you talk with people, pay attention.  When you talk to them again, ask about something you talk
Smile
Be a friend
Be nice to others and pick up after yourselves. It may be a little thing but it will help in the lon
What do you enjoy doing? Now go find a way to do that and help other people while doing it.

My exam
Be excelent to each other. This "lol at everything im a smartass troll" trend needs to die, fast.
Don’t have kids.
Push for Recycling at his school if there is none.
Be conscious of what’s going on in the world. Stay informed, read the news, share your findings, don
Volunteer somewhere locally. Even 2 hours a week reading to people for example makes a huge impact
Read books, educate yourself, question authority and common beliefs. Grow up as a strong, responsibl
Become great at learning/researching, get into politics, encourage your peers to believe in themselv
Be kind and protective toward your younger siblings. Teach them what you know.
Don't do drugs... or do. It's really up to you. 
Most people your own age know as little as you do, check your facts from more credible sources. 
Work on yourself. Be someone others can depend on. Strive to always be a virtuous upright person eve
Don't overdo the body spray (axe etc.)
Also don't be a loud obnoxious cunt on public transit. 14 yea
When playing any games online, if possible, for the love of the world please use push to talk.
read great novels and think about their ideas. Consider the meaning of their ideas in the context of
You know some of those kids who sit alone at lunch? Or maybe some who never get picked to be on a te
Don't fuck your COD opponents' mothers. Thank you...

But seriously, just be kind. We're living in t
Be nice to their moms. 
Generate electricity as he masturbates.
Start with yourself - get to know yourself, and become a happy person.
Study study study. If you want to make the world a better place, make sure you're smart enough to ma
Teachers are not your enemies.

I wish I internalized that when I was younger.
Be kind, considerate and helpful to those who need it. Help the lil old lady across the street. List
Motivate yourself to learn and opportunities will come.
Make your bed. Clean your room. Help your parents. That is the start. You have already made the worl
Be kind and allow yourself and others to do cringy shit. Let your classmates make out in the hallway
Work really hard at being a better 15yr old.
people are not going to remember you for something cringe you did or how cool you looked in your pri
Live crime free...
GET OFF ALL OF OUR COLLECTIVE LAWNS ALREADY!!!
Remember that you’re not special and that the greater good often means personal sacrifice.  And don’
Also, give people compliments, even adults you don't know! I remember when it made my day that a str
Find something that needs to be done in your house and do it without being asked or assigned it as a
Always defend the weak and innocent, never exploit others. You don't have to fight at the expense of
Do what you know is right, even when peer pressure makes it hard.
Stoic philosophy can teach you how to be a good person. If you apply stoic principals in your life y
do things for yourself and learn independence instead of having your mom/dad do everything for you (
No facebook
Shave off those 5 hairs you call a moustache
Don’t jerk off outside, you’re gonna get caught 
Go vegan.
stop playing fortnite
Subscribe to pewdiepie 
Clean your room
Find a nice hobby that helps the community and have while doing it! Like helping old people at groce
Not suck dick/s
Volunteer at homeless shelter, hospital, or any other area. Only takes an hour or two a week and doe
Learn
If your friends ever say something sexist or degrading about a girl/woman, call them out on it. 
Few suggestions:

1. Volunteer. Almost anywhere will do and it can actually be pretty fun. It looks 
Just check yourself and your dumb friends that we have all had 
Pick up a piece of garbage
Go vegan. With healthy foods of course. 
Get your dad a beer.
Age 4 years and vote.  Don't just vote whatever party your parents do, actually think about what eac
Volunteer Work.
Hug your mom bro. Doesn’t really affect the world but it will mean the world to her. 
Be a descent person! 
Be a nice person, and encourage your friends to be nice persons also.
47-year-old man here. This is a really big question, and, as you're seeing, you have a lot of opinio
Go vegan.
Clean your room.
Respect your elders and your teachers. Be a good listener and have morals. Always do the right thing
 dont do milk, stay in sleep, drink your school and get 8 hours of drugs
Quit social media 
not be "a 14 year old boy" online gaming. nobody thinks you're funny because you learned how to swea
Stay in school and appreciate that big dreams require hard work. Even so, dream big anyway!
Start small encourage your friends and family to do the small things too. Stick up for yourself and 
If you have any sort of social influence, start making your group of friends hang around with the pe
Be kind. Work hard to complete your education- it matters.
Help your parents
Don't do what other people want.  Do what YOU want.  Other people  want you to do things that make T
Be the better example for other 14 year olds. While this is vague, you know what I mean.


Dont be a
Say Please and Thank You constantly.
Don't ask questions, make statements that invite answers.
Study
Be nice to the “weird” kid(s) who don’t have a lot of friends. You don’t have to be best friends or 
Pray about which church you should join. 
Clean your room.
Clean up his damn room!
Don't let popular culture form your political opinions as you get older.
Learn what is going on in the world around you. If you don’t learn early you will blindly follow the
Start your interactions and relationships with people from a position of respect, no matter who they
If your parents let you, go vegan! I went vegan at 14 (a little over two years ago) and I can go to 
Volunteer to hang out with a recent immigrant/ refugee your age. Almost every area has a resource ce
Laugh and hug it?
Don't be a bully
There was a story a while back I think about when I hear questions like this:

Soulja Boy was on tou
Study hard, you're in high school. It will affect the world a lot in the future, and make it easier 
Volunteer to help clean elections or campaign finance reform, locally.
Be good, do good 
be polite but stand up for yourself. know intelligence isnt just a nerdy thing. respect people of al
Masturbate over and over, but always clean it up.  Love thyself. 
Learn about ideas that are different from what you believe, be a critical thinker and do not be afra
Uninstall Fortnite.
Find something you're passionate about and pursue it.  If it is a cause that is worthy of spreading,
Be kind to other kids, you never know what they are going thru.
Become a friendly neighborhood vigilante?
Go to school get a good education and become a scientist or something
Make fun of leftists. 
As a 14 year old boy, HOW THE FUCK DID YOU KNOW
In here before this blows up
Dont be an idiot

Best advice ive ever heard
Feed hungry cats when you see them, some are literally starving in the streets. They would be so gra
Learn everything you can, go to libraries and stay in school and learn. That is your job and it is a
better spend time in investing yourself.

gain more knowledge, thats the only thing that will take y
The best thing you can do for the world right now is do the mundane stuff like concentrating on maki
Stop whacking it to furry porn. 
Dropping out and doing meth 
Take the communist manifesto and study that shit boi
Tell on his priest
Go vegan, and don’t be a dick about it.
Stop touching yourself.
Eat less meat. That’s something you can influence.
Look into reasons for going vegan and give veganuary or challenge 22 a try :)
oooh, thanks for asking! my only burning suggestion is to add r/MensLib to your reddit feed. it focu
Eat a tide pod 
Resist capitalism 
Not be born.
join ISIS
Become a programmer and make a very good program that could help the government. 14 year old program
Don't do drugs, and don't let your friends do drugs.
Take a shit on your computer and go enjoy outdoors
Become vegetarian or vegan. Many benefits to the world.
Kill him self.
Handjob
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You should read dudgereport.com and breitbart.com daily as an antidote to your indoctrination -- and
Shoot up your school 
Ask better questions.
Gollum is described as smelling like complete shit in the books
Got my roommate Star Wars themed scented candles for Christmas. One of the scents is 'Wookie.' There
Captain Jack Sparrow 
Ed from Ed Edd and Eddy. That boy musty.
Most characters (if not every) on The Walking Dead probably hasn't had a shower for like, half a dec
Shrek
Obviously Voldemort, he doesn't even have a fucking nose
Every character in every western
Trevor from GTA V. The guy actually slept in garbage. 
Zoidberg
Count Olaf probably smells of stale cheap perfume and failure. 
Oscar the Grouch, Duh.
Clifford. 

I'm pretty sure it would take the fire department to give him any kind of credible wash,
Caillou probably smells bad considering he's a piece of shit 
Rey from Star Wars, at the beginning of The Force Awakens, after years of scavenging in the Jakku de
Reek.
Skinny Pete from Breaking Bad.
Rorschach.
Pretty sure in the comics Wolverine is a short hairy man that smokes, and drinks too much whilst als
Ygritte.

Jon Snow went down on her after shes been hiking in those furs and loincloth for gods know
Charlie Kelly from Sunny.
Pigpen
Creed has a “distinct old man smell”. 
Mr. Hankey
Not Gaston, that's for sure.
 Chewbacca 
Ignatius J. Reilly from A Confederacy of Dunces
Anybody from Red Dead Redemption I’d imagine. They don’t get to bathe that often. Even the prettiest
Probably Yoda.
Post malone 
The Great Mighty Poo.
Roadhog
Wario
Samus.

Skintight suit while doing crazy acrobatics and add another enclosed full body suit on top o
The Joker
Serana from The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim. 

1. She's a vampire. Vampires in Tamriel stink of rotting 
Frank Gallagher from Shameless
Fat Bastard.  

#GIT IN MAH BELLEH!
Poopsmith
Chris from Family Guy. 
Daryl Dixon 
Pepe LaPew...it's right there in his name.
Geralt of Rivia
rickety cricket
Bubble bass from spongebob
Gollum

Like trout pate and fermented taint.
Micah Bell
The hound. 
Eric Cartman 
Beetlejuice.
Rick from Rick and Morty
Freddy Krueger
Old Greg. 
Characters who in canon smell bad:

* Guido Mista
* Creed Bratton
* Gollum
* Shrek
* Trevor Philips

SANTA!  I wore a santa suit for 2 hours and I was sweating like crazy!  I'm in shape and he is fat! 
My fiancé: “fucking Sirius Black he’s always wet and he’s a dog and he’s dead”
Shaggy from Scooby Doo
Heath Ledger's Joker looks like he smells of urine and bad decisions.
Grandpa Joe. 
In my experience gutter slime doesn't smell all that good.
Alf
Conan. Sweaty and bloody from battle, sweaty and pukey from celebrating.
OP
Muscleman in Regular Show, just going by his trailer alone!
Shitty Bill
Jar Jar Binks, Jabba the Hut, Darth Vader, Chewbacca, a lot of the Star Wars characters.
any time I watch a movie/show set in revolutionary war or civil war times, that's all I can think ab
Mr Heckles
Caleb (and Frumkin probably) from critical role. 
[Moe Szyslak](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/5e/5b/cc/5e5bcc950024df1b1f43c13cb8291052.png)	
Hagrid 
Fry from Futurama. Dirty boy!
Severus Snape (although it is cannon that he smells really bad though)
The Grinch, for he is more vile than a seasick crocodile

(2000 Grinch, not this new crappy one)
Jason Voorhees. My man has been either stuck at the bottom of a lake or wandering the woods for like
Jolly Green Giant.  Vegetable farts are raunchy
Pigpen
Pig Pen from the peanuts. I mean even his name makes me gag thinking about it. 
Mundungus Fletcher
Baldrick from Black Adder
Uhtred Ragnarson
Shrek
I was about to say Klingons, but then I remembered Worf has a peaty, earthy smell, with just a touch
Deadpool he is decaying as he is healing.
Rambo.
Swamp Thing
Almost every single character from Game of Thrones.
Mr fischoeder 
Stinky from Hey, Arnold!
Ricky?
Any Quarian from Mass Effect, they spend most of their lives in airtight suits. Iirc they can leave 
I feel like this post needs a tournament bracket. 
Dobby the House Elf
Every single superhero.  They're doing some extreme exertion in tight spandex suits.  Breathability 
Hodor 
Golgothan, the shit demon from Dogma
Bob the Builder
Batman. He lives in a bat cave. Do you know how much guano is in a bat cave?
Charlie Kelly
Trevor Belmont
Frank from always sunny in Philadelphia. 
El Chavo Del Ocho. 
Catdog. 

Got no shitter, fecal vomiting smells pretty got damn terrible. 
Erik/the Phantom of the Opera.

In the book he lives in a house underground near a lake (possibly ne
YOUR ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE ROAD CUNT

&#x200B;

NO YOU ARE
It would result in a bloody feud over whether it's Burger King or Hungry Jacks
Either half as many guns, or twice as many 
Vegemite in a spray can. 
Alcohol poisoning.
Trump, Sanders and Clinton would have all gotten a go at being president and we would have lost one 
Some fucking crazy wildlife. Imagine polar bears and kangaroos in the same nation. 
Fucken bullet holes everywhere from the Americans trying to shoot spiders.
Half the population would be acting like cunts, the other half would be calling them cunts.
If Australia hit near Texas, that would create the best BBQ and cookouts ever! Just a lot of nice pe
Instead of walls to keep the foreigners out we'd be building walls to keep the prisoners in. 
literally no different, maybe some new slurs to play around with
We retake England
Probably whatever America tell us to do
Best. Football.  Ever.  
Something great, I'd love to hear an Ameristalia accent. 
A lot of sick cunts, but then they would die because they don’t have health insurance.
Turns out people have been asking this question for years at r/Ameristralia
There would be a president every 2months
Australians would retreat to subterranean living, to avoid having to talk to Americans. Meanwhile on
Probably gay kangaroos
Deep fried vegemite
Bogans with guns.
Christmas would look pretty weird.
All of the bogans and rednecks would breed together to create a new and terrifying hybrid. 
so the english prisoners + english leftovers. seems alright.
Spiders with guns 
Spiders for President
‘MERSTALIA
More Cricket
Oh no the spiders
Somehow it would be more racist than either were before.
After visiting Straya a few years ago I consider it a mix of England and Florida.

So... really, jus
Fuck that. 

It's Austerica, It's like the MIB without the aliens, where everyone dresses like James
The Americans would not be able to handle the banter
Australia would reject all immigration for commiefornia because we are fucking full so fuck off cunt
twice da cunts m8
One where everyone would switch countries to avoid winter
Mullets and shitty beer, from sea to shining koala.
I hope this never happens. We have enough racists in OZ. 
Some sort of weird hybrid of baseball and cricket, also known as T20 Cricket 
Another Emu War.
A culture that fears a new sub-species of bears- a cross between a black/brown bear and a dropbear. 
Insects with guns 
Do people not remember the whole Ameristralia thing a few years back? I've been on this site for WAY
Actually I am in australia right now and it is really similar to the US. Probably because they are b
Fox News.  Rupert Murdoch is an Aussie.
"You call that a gun, THIS is a gun."
An American one, Australia's population is tiny compared to Americas.
Australia's Tall Poppy syndrome divided by 2 would still result in French style revolution - guillot
Obese spiders
Some weird mash of something that’s like Jiff but it isn’t or maybe it’s like a weird veggie butter 
Florida.
More foreskins, more meth,  more booze
I thought it already happened in QLD
Where are all the ridiculously literate redditors telling OP this could never happen?
Boomerang violence.
Meth.
"Ameristralian" culture basically already exists, since Australian media and pop culture is saturate
27 million Australians vs. 330 million Americans.

Guess who wins.
We’d probably just wind up being angrier and somehow even more easily offended.  Damn Ameristralians
kangaroos with guns and diabeetus!
The "Don't Tread on Me" Gadsen Flag would probably be re-worked to someone shooting a drop bear with
Mushy peas on pizza?
...ill move so fast to Iceland... You guys can have your death trap ladies
About the same, with more vegemite, kangaroos and fosters and fewer, but cuter things trying to kill
Deep Fried deadly venomous animals.
I don't want to think about what kind of land would come from the mixing of Florida and Australia. 
Didgeridoo attached to a shotgun. A Bush Blunderbuss. 
Fried Spiders in Hamburgers
I think if that happens, it would be the end of the world. 
A Great War would erupt over sense of humour... sparked by a sarcastic joke that the Australians wou
The outback rockies would be beutiful this time of year!
Kangaroos with assault rifles
Well fed sharks. 
Tall fat rednecks
Culture? Is this like a double negative thing?
For everyone who slaps light switches as they leave the room to make sure the lights are off (even d
Fat cunts.
Alligator eating spiders
Spiders and Magpies with guns
An all out war between all the things that want to kill us and the wildlife of Australia. 

Edit: gr
I guess everyone's a cunt now?
Lever shotties in America wooo
Australia? Nah nah nah, that doesn’t exist. Also the earth is flat. Obviously.
I prefer Austerica
Neon Genesis Evangelion
Obsess Giant spiders 
I think the Australians would move to Canada. We like our healthcare and lack of guns.
Frogs would be called chaswallas.
It would be America’s culture but upside down 
Anarchy
A stupid one, because everyone with any sense would have taken the opportunity to flee as far as pos
All of the accents would sound fake
US culture would likely predominate, but we'd all call each other cunts a lot more.
I don’t think I would understand English anymore.

I would be terrified of going outside because of 
The same, we adopt a lot of American culture here 
Lots of car crashes.
We would ride the kangaroos possibly and we would eat Vegemite with butter sandwiches.

First off, if the did smash together, we'd call it Ausmerica. We'd have a different Prime Minister/P
Americastralia ****
“Fairy Bread” served in every Walmart bakery. National pride causes at least one city to burn every 
Howdy, mate
one big california
We will drink.
Deadly animals with at-15’s
The same I mean Austrailia and America ARE REALLY SIMILAR.
Drone hunting with boomerangs
Everyone who got shot would have free universal healthcare.
And probably less king hits from eshays 
Blair Cottrel finally neets his long lost dad, Donald Trump!
We would become factions and the Australia faction would tame all there wild animals and bugs and st
Bogans in commodores waving guns out the window while shotgunning bud light tinnies
Arse licking retards
Why isn't it Austramerica?
American but with a sense of humour
We'd be telling the Americans how fucking stupid they are for holding onto their guns when they are 
I don't think a lot of people realize that they basically replace butter with ice cream in Australia
Everyone would know at least one 'Bruce'
The rabbit fence would be upgraded to a wall
We'd have the worst politicians in living memory,  but at least they get changed every few months.  
25 million people added to a country of 350 million? I doubt it would change all that much for the A
Hockey might just get some popularity down here! 
An Americanised Ja'mie would be weird. 
I think they would go back to british. 
Beer.
Fat kangaroos 
*C U N T*
Rednecks vs Bogans on TLC

Also the Beverly Bogans on CBS
I think it should be named Austrica, so people will still confuse it with Austria. That's all I got.
Depends on which coasts end up colliding. Either way, a really nasty petting zoo.
Boomerang gun
What ever it is, there is always a barbie!
None becouse emus would get acces to atomic weapons
Double zero is still zero.. 
We’d be Canadians but cunty. 
Shooting kangaroos with guns because freedom
neither country has culture, so nothing I suppose
Canada sans Quebec
The Australians could just move into the dusty middle deserty bits. They seem to like the outback st
*sees a flock of emus*

*Pulls up in personal A-10 Warthog*

*Spins up rotary canon*

"We ain't losi
There'd be some kick-ass BBQ, but pretty much everything else would be a train wreck. A very enterta
Canada in constant spring.
It would be a very, VERY colloquial culture, but not that different. I feel like the gun culture wou
Kangaroos armed with AK47s
Don't know about the culture, but the national animal will be the 'Bald Kieagle'. 
drive by on a kangaroo
All of those things that want to kill you would have guns. 
Football with helmets but no pads. One end of the field would be oval, the other half rectangular. 

What a CUNTry that would be!
2 Florida's? 
A whole lot of cunts
Deadly animals that carry shotguns everywhere they can fit them.
Homophobia
Yeah, nah.
What if we just broke off California and Florida. If those 2 collided there would be anarchy 
Gun toting kangaroos. 
The Yanks would have a lot of fun getting to know their new kangaroo friends. Also, I imagine a larg
Call it Austerica instead and you can already see the kind of culture it would have.
I imagine it would be a lot like America is now, except we'd all be talking with accents that make u
A nation addicted to monster trucks, beer and barbecue. Isn't that America already though?
Our Steve Irwin would be a combination of Dwayne the Rock Johnson and Steve Irwin probably
Is it A or A
We'd all die.
Gay times for everyone.
Maybe the military can finally actually kill an emu
You'd finally have enough space for all of your prisoners 
Well you’d see 7”5 b-ballers coming into AFL taking massive speccies over everyone completely domina
They would have a lot accident during oval racing since nobody would be able to agree on which way t
Id name is Ausmerica personally.

”Yeehha sumbitch, lets put another shrimp on the baaby”
Something something prison
You'd just get England tbh
Poor Australians
More outdoor bbqs with tonnes of beef
Ameristralian footby. Rugby and am football combined.
A nightmarish hellscape where the koalas have guns
I think we call that Texas
i mean, depends on where it hits. If it hits closer to cali, maybe merges into navada, then we've go
0 + 0 = 0
What Australia currently is, but with probably more swearing.
It would just be normal Australia but 50x the school shootings 
Don't know but one side would be panicking about guns and the other would be panicking about spiders
Knowing America they would probably invade , take all your shit , then build a wall saying you guys 
American... They don't do well with other cultures
Is Australia not already an cultural knockoff of America?
The Reigning Gun n' Mass Shooting Capital of the Developed World + A country  that banned automatic 
Australia's population is just 24 million, USA's is 326. California has 40 million, and Texas 28. So
"Time to throw anotha' squirrel on the barbie..."
Alot of really hot guys from Australia would be here! That’s my kind of smashing!
The emu war would be going on for 20 years and cost a trillion dollars
a big problem for us in New Zealand.

also probably the world's worst accent
AUSTRALICA, FUCK YEAH! OUT TO SAVE THE MUTHERFUCKEN WORLD YEAH!

AUSTRALICA, FUCK YEAH! DROP BEARS A
Thats's easy......3 words

&#x200B;

Drunk.....

Racist......

Spiders.....
Kangaroos shooting up schools. 'Murista.
A more balanced emu war.
New Zealand would feel left out
Simply put it, literal hell. Cali fires? aw nothing they'll just give you a bigger one.

(That's not
Australia would save the US middle class. 
Well, whatever it would be, I just hope we have their accent. Lol
Guns & cunts. 
I prefer Austerica. 
I imagine pretty close to Louisiana bayous meets mad max 
Fun fact:  North Korea has a larger population than Australia.


That would be one hell of a road trip
The absolute mayhem as they try to interrupt the footie every 10 minutes for an ad break...
Pie wars

Defending champ: Chicken Pot Pie

Today's challenger: Aussie Meat Pie
The second emu war may go better than the first
There would probably be a massive massive political battle over guns. Australia will whine and cry t
Honestly, Australia would retain it's own culture and just vexome a region. Like the south. Or the M
Ooooooh-meeeeer-ica
The best one oh my god. 
If Americans and Australians team up, we can probably fight off the emus
Isn't Australia already basically Florida with proper sports?
Laidback, fried ice cream eating gun toters.
Would it be 90° to the left or right since Australia is upside down?
Probably Canada just stinking hot
The emus would have lost against some outback rednecks 
A culture where people stopped mistaking Austria for Australia because the finally wouldn’t sound th
The Big Lez show on Adult Swim.
Ausa.
Not an Australian, so I am just guessing, may be Australlians here can confirm or deny. I don't thin
One of the local utility companies around me had some mysterious "fires" a while back. A bunch of pa
The assistant wrestling coach at my high school was molesting boys decades before he got arrested.  
When I was in about first grade, the gym teacher was fired for molesting little girls. Some of the d
Our local cinema owner would cut out dirty scenes back when movies came on film rolls.

For decades,
A few months ago there was a brief media kerfuffle in the local papers about someone breaking into a
Village next to my town, a stable is found with a dozen dead cows and more barely alive, standing in
A kebab shop in my hometown has an underground casino and sells food at the back door after closing 
In my town everyone thought that the elementary school music teacher was a pedophile. And a few year
In my mother's ex-town there is a box full of automatic weapon and grenade buried somewhere ,my gran
Brother and sister slept together. Every one found out, the sister disappears for almost 10 years. R
There are these old abandoned mines (as in mineral mines- think man-made caves in the side of a moun
When I was a firefighter we had an arsonist in the city. They would walk around at night until they 
An extremely wealthy grandma had an affair with a pool boy. He called it quits and she “accidentally
Back in the 70's, a mentally ill man was release from a mental hospital for no real apparent reason.
Small UK town.  Man taken to hospital, dies on arrival.  Local news had announced that police were l
I live in a super small town (see all the same people constantly). And back in the 80s there was a g
It's not exactly a dark secret in the same sense as most of these, because it's not a ~crazy scandal
There's an unexploded nuclear warhead- a hydrogen bomb- in a swamp 30 miles from here, and it's been
Popular pediatric orthodontist is in jail now for having sex with his high school/young college aged
My small town priest moved parishes to my church a few years ago, seemed normal yeah? 

Not until a 
Growing up, our mayor had two teenage children and a baby. It was common knowledge the baby was the 
My hometown has a "famous" drug addict - i.e. everyone knows who he is, he's lived there for ~70 yea
When i was in middle school, there were a series of arson fires near my very small Pennsylvania town
A guy jumped off a really tall building in my home town. Ruled a suicide, but rumor has it that he w
Canadian here. Our equivalent to CPS (child protective services) is called CAS (children's aid socie
At my high school, years ago, we had a kid commit suicide with a gun in the annex bathroom during sc
The Fuck Mansion.

It was a three story house that was built and abandoned in the mountains.

It was
The "Devil House."

Now, it had been around my hometown for decades. Enough different generations of
Back in the 80s they'd closed down the old middle school in my town and built a new one fairly close
People in my town want to build a statue of a retarded man who is seen around town all the time wavi
Family was burned alive when a house caught fire. Rumor has it, their daughter's boyfriend was jealo
A girl in my graduating class of 23 kids had a ton of parties at her house. Her mother was only like
Our small towns local mayor had raped his 23 year old daughter for years, starting when she was 7 an
In my home town, a girl in her mid-twenties was seeing an older man. Most of the town bullied her so
Not exactly a secret, but it's still dark. A lady from my hometown married and killed Phil Hartman.
I live in Bad Neuenahr, Germany and Rex Tillerson once stayed here for a G7 conference. 

He resided
Small town Saskatchewan. Resident doc is a good one, smart as hell, people like him, good doctor. Ex
This was in a small town, generally run by a half dozen big family names that almost act like rednec
I was dating this girl from rural Maine. I mean really fucking rural, western Maine near the Appalac
A kid in my grade tried to rob an old lady. I think she was 98 years old and living by herself. Afte
My neighbor two doors down killed her husband. Poisoned him slowly with rat poison. She then became 
A guy from my grad year went missing about a year ago. There was a massive  search in my small, West
We have a scenic cliffside really close to town where a lot of dog walkers go. It has established pa
Kid of a politician was pistol whipped then his body was burned out in the woods, all over 2 grams o
In my small town, there’s a former priest who had articles written about his abuses of children writ
Not really a "small town" Venice Beach CA. Henry Hopper (Dennis Hoppers son) rapes teenagers. It's k
One of our city council woman's kids are not her husbands. He has no idea. 

My parents lived next d
Have a road that I took on the way to my local community college that is as rural as it gets... 

Iv
I was researching my hometown's history for a project in middle school and discovered that there wer
 Not mine, but my grandmother used to read coffee grinds for neighbors and friends (a form of fortun
In 7th grade, a classmate got pregnant by her special needs step brother and then killed the baby on
That the daughter of a former sheriff is the person who ran over and killed another girl, but her da
Kinda late for the party but anyway: the dude that stuck a perfume bottle up his ass to impress a gi
There was a male cop in our town who got fired for having sex with a woman in his patrol car. The se
There is a cryptid frogman that roams my town.
A kid I went to high school with took a kid up into the mountains and made him dig his own grave.
High school boy killed his sister while driving drunk out on farm roads. He became, essentially, the
My towns on the list from the movie Spotlight that they show at the end about priests who had been a
There is a large section of pine barrels that is fenced off with multiple authorized access/tresspas
Not much of a secret as it hit the news but probably not known outside Nova Scotia. About 10 years a
This was in high school, a group of guys chased down some kid, held him down & stuck a dildo up his 
That an acquaintances dad (doctor/physician in a small town) raped/sexually abused her which she had
Not a dark secret, but this thread is getting to dark. My grandpa's favorite story was that he and a
This was about 15 years ago in my pretty large country hometown. Me and my friends would always mess
New guy moved to town (isolated, on a small island). He raped a local girl. Everyone knew, but there
That the town is full of child molesters and everyone is somewhat related so no one does anything ab
Canada. When the government opens crown land to cattle grazing, landowners have about a week to make
There was a young lady with the last name Hussein who was murdered at the laundromat. It was many ye
Our tiny mountain is actually a dormant volcano.
I don’t exactly remember the details because I was in middle school, but there was an autistic kid w
Down the street from the house I live in is a forest with a disused gravel road going into it. If yo
Smallish town Canada

The town I live in has a rehab centre. Not your basic alcohol or drug centre. 
Opioid-related deaths identified to people outside the family as “aneurysms”, “heart attacks”, or “n
"Coolest teacher ever" at our high school.  Old school hippie who fashioned herself after Joan Baez.
Heard this from my dad and I've never gotten an exact year but a girl went missing a long time back.
High school teacher in a smallish Southern town was known to be very friendly with the students. She
This kid I went to school with disappeared when he was like 10, everyone in town knows his dad murde
Some students at my high school were at a pasture party in a nearby town that's much smaller than mi
Not exactly small, or secret, but dark as fuck. Apparently, according to a friend of mine who worked
In the town my father grew up in, his uncle had two daughters. One of the daughters was raped by two
In the early 80's, an uncle had a child with a girl that was 13 or 14 at the time. Which means he wa
Small family sevret. My grandma told my grandpa to kill himself. He went out to the garage and close
I'm not sure how "dark" or "secretive" this is, but still an amusing small town story.

Anyway, duri
A retired state cop and an active duty county deputy run a local drug ring. a woman vanished in the 
Not really a small town but my city I guarantee you 85% of the adults are swingers and they have som
I had a friend, who used to be very caring for everyone around in his life. He had a guy who used to
After I left school and started work I heard a rumor about one of my favourite teachers disappearing
Back in the 1940s there was a lynching of a black man that only the older blacks in town mention. I 
Kid at my high school had purportedly shot himself. Problem was he was in his car 2 miles away and w
The DA used his influence to cover up his daughter in law screwing a high schooler in exchange for h
[deleted]
I know a few of my former Church's elders to be klansmen
Look up “The Golers” 
Basically a whole lotta incest and abuse happening on the mountain 
The (former) head pastor of a church stepped down due to cheating allegations...it came out about a 
Third party info, so grain of salt, etc.

School's band teacher got a divorce and was in the middle 
My family's from a small town in (insert South Pacific nation) and strangest one I know is the story
When I first moved here, there was a murder just down the street from my Jr high school. A dude snap
I am aware of several households that are on government watch lists... only because I used to work f
Won't share too many details because the place is still currently operating and the people doing it 
Uhhh a cold case..? 

A couple was killed in 1990 and it has never been solved. Why? The husband tri
How about small house dark secret? My parents recently broke the news to me that the previous owners
One of our well know (and well liked) local general practitioners ended up being a peodphile.
I lived in a small town deep in the English countryside...

There was a forest near the main part of
We have a pyromaniac and some gun fights down the block, but our town secret is that someone fucked 
My uncle was found dead in an apparent suicide. There were empty beer cans scattered around his body
 If you're one of the richest billionaires in America you can literally get away with murder if you 
Buchanan va is a small town that has kkk leaders
When we moved to the small town I grew up in, my mother was single, and needed a place to watch me a
My schools last super intendant got fired for WWE-style throwing a guy through a table during a meet
There's an old quarry that filled up with water near the highway. It is really deep. Kids go to swim
This isn’t really a town secret but my mom was in the store and my dad was in the car when a guy sta
Back in the late 90's early 2000's, I had 2 girls I was trying to get special ed services for in sch
Teacher at my old high school was watching porn on a school computer in his classroom.
Woman seduces man, convinces him to have an affair with her. She gets pregnant.  
  
Woman is man's 
High school teacher had a cannabis plantation underneath her farmhouse. She didn’t get caught for ar
The guy that runs all our Nissan dealerships used to be a cocaine kingpin.
Our town has a small church called doomsday church, and a few years back, two kids went to camp in t
There was a pretty well off family in my town. They were involved in all kinds of shit like the city
My entire high school football team was juicing and everybody knew it but we still lost.
This abandoned mental hospital where we used to smoke weed that was next to my high school is where 
As I was reading this I asked my mom: “hey mom, how did that guy from your hometown get away with sh
Had a murder suicide in our area and nobody found the bodies for weeks. Guy apparently knew his wife
It's not much of a secret, but it is quite the oddity.  A couple of years ago the local police buste
My hometown's secrets were recently made public in the 'Thunder Bay' podcast by Canadaland. It cover
During 60s - 80s , There was secret homosexual sex/murder cabal composed of closeted city prosecutor
In our small Texas town, an affable mortician struck up a friendship with a wealthy widow, though wh
The hometown minisodes of the My Favorite Murder podcast are great for these. 
Once a man who have just had infarct came to the local doctor. Because he just had infarct he couldn
Quite a bit late but that a woman who got in a car crash about two house down from me then disappear
Back around '84 I began working at a power plant in North Alabama. The local news at that time was f
I used to live in a small town in Illinois and it had this loud siren that would always go off at ab
I live in a small town in the Appalachian foothills. About 90 years back a group of guys working in 
In high school, a girl I knew was sleeping with the married history teacher/baseball coach. The craz
Some teens and young adults were living together in a trailer with a mentally handicapped teenage gi
A girl that went to my secondary school years before myself was raped, killed and buried by her uncl
Story 1: 

Many moons ago there was a high school drug dealer who ended up running over a middle sch
I dont know much. however there was a boy from a other town who visited his girlfriend living in our
My Dad had a conversation with my Grandmother prior to her passing, about how there are all of these
This is all allegation but I heard through people at work that there's a meth house a few blocks awa
That the police here are crooked. When my mother was a child her best friend came to school and let 
 They only talk about themselves during a conversation. 
Someone who constantly corrects jokes or sarcasm, "actually..." 
There is no fun in that. 
Not being able to make fun of themselves.
Having absolutely zero curiosity about anything. 
talk a lot about dumb shit. like, basic daily events. *...then i went to the grocery store, and, oh 
One upping people in conversations rather than just letting their story have its moment. 
Their favorite topic of discussion is themselves
Not having anything to talk about. 
Answering questions with one words "yes" "ok" "lol" and not asking anything back or contributing to 
When they drill holes in things
Not being passionate about anything. Doesn't need to be something big and deep either, just somethin
I think if people find someone boring, then it says more about the person who feels the other is bor
They’re a dry texter.
Not being able to sustain a conversation 
When they're interested in only one fucking thing. Quite literally. I'm not saying something is thei
A boring person's mind is unreceptive to new ways of looking at things.

Humor is seen as tedious an
Having no hobbies besides getting drunk on the weekends. I like to get drunk on the weekends to but 
Taking offense out of everything (nothing to do with SJWs, those guys don't even exist where I live)
Their username
When they try too hard to fit in and be likeable and as a result come across as a carbon copy of 100
When they're hyper focused on one specific hobby/activity & they expect you to automatically share t
Something that makes someone boring instantly to me, is someone that takes the piss out of everythin
If they don't listen to music.
I find being obsessed with sex very dull.
Not being funny or not always being open to funny things even at the most serious of times. I don't 
People without curiosity or imagination.
People who’s most interesting asset is their sexual orientation.
It depends on you too...the things you like and things you like to speak about.Kf the other person s
Don't using reddit
When the way they seem to you makes you feel that you already know everything there is to know about
Nobody is boring. They are just interested in things other people are not. Whatever you are interest
Defining themselves by where they live/what at they hate/what they own, etc,, instead of defining th
When their instagram only consists of selfies. 
1. No sense of humor
1. Can't take a joke or make fun of themselves - distinct from the first, which
Someone who tries their whole identity to one very small thing. One videogame, their lover, one tv s
Coming to a party and sitting there not really doing anything
Their laziness
Because if they were a spice they would be flour.
Obsessive traps in small talk conversations without consent, especially if it involves an unhealthy 
when they're completely stationary at all times
No sense of humor, only talks about the same things over and over again. 
Someone who is unenthusiastic about everything. Have some fun damn it. Your not gonna make it out al
'All statements, no questions' sums up most of the boring people I know. They're uninteresting becau
“Wait, why are we laughing?”
“What was the joke?”

Fuck off
People who aren’t interested in anything like art, movies books etc. people who live for money. Such
Not being passionate about anything//having any interests. Even if I don’t know anything about someo
When they correct you every single time and can't make fun of themselves with a very monotone voice.
I once knew a guy who made a story about being propositioned by a prostitute at a bar boring. It was
Someone who talks about sex all the time. 

(I went on a date with a girl who was a sex addict. Yes,
idk lol
When they respond with only one word answers

It's happened one too many times on Tinder. I'm over i
No sense of humor is the boringest
When they only ever talk about themselves and their problems. 
People who don't actually like anything, but they like to dislike everything. 
saying "lol" instead of laughing, like you can just tell me my joke is shit. 
People that talk about being bored all the time. People that need to be high all the time.
People ta
Not having a sense of humor. 
When pretty girls on Tinder make you make all the moves, all the conversations, initiate every date 
Talking only about themselves in mundane scenarios. Like, okay if you skydive on horseback, let’s he
Obsessed with materialism   
Disliking most or all of my interests. Having nothing interesting to talk about or being absolute sh
I’d say.. Being too repetitive on everything. I mean, if you’re going to say something and they reac
Inability to hold a conversation about anything other than their interests. You pretty much know thi
Pull conversations to their own stories.
Try to imitate and repeat others' joke just to make themselves seem to be humorous.
Lacking a solid, fleshed-out identity with personal likes, dislikes, opinions etc.

I was once frien
You know, the same old same old, whatever, nothing new...
About 14 years ago I was dating a woman who was about as interesting as a sponge. Every single conve
Only talking about themselves. 
Alcoholism. I know it's something people struggle with and it's very serious - I find alcoholics bor
Not being able to hold a conversation and not doing anything fun. 
"What do you want to eat?" 

"I don't care."

"What do you want to do?"

"I don't care."

"What are 
Inability to read a room. Was just at a Christmas party recently, and we had all decided it was time
Repetition of telling a story.
Someone who has no passion or hobby, i guess.
Constantly complaining they’re bored. When you asked what they’re doing, it’s watching TV 99% of the
Beating around the bush all the time. 
Whatever it is that I do
‘Sup’ ‘haha oh’ ‘okay’ 🙄 it’s like talking to a piece of cardboard 
Giving a short, generic answer.
Quoting vine 
Someone who thinks that they are not boring.
bragging about themselves.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Person who refuses to try anything new or scary.
when someone has no passion in a hobby or project or something.

The observer.  Boring is always in the eye of the bored.  A weightlifter can go to a gym and be exci
They’re on their phones constantly, even when they are surrounded by people
 Doesn’t get excited for anything. Isn’t motivated to do anything.  
They never notice when you’re making a joke
When they get "bored" a lot.

 If you can't use your mind to entertain yourself, how can it entertai
It must be the one uppers, their experience is somehow always much better or much worse than yours. 
Not putting effort into anything they do or say. Responding in monotone or slow pace. Not showing an
Being a drunk. 
A constant stream of bad puns, always accompanied by a certain air of expectation for the assumed in
Too much self righteousness.
If there are only 1 or 2 discussion themes with them.  
Additionally if they can't argue about their
Monosyllabic responses. 

‘Yes’ ‘no’ ‘right’. ....Etc


They’re real conversation killers

Hearing the same story over and over again and/or using a lot of words for describing a small event.
Owning a brown car
They talk about boring stuff, they regurgitate cliches, they never have any opinions on anything -bi
Asking dumb questions on r/AskReddit.
A lack of effort when interacting.
When they only ever talk about one thing or have one interest and never have any interest in other t
Someone who has something negative to say about everything... Or in the same vein can't enjoy anythi
If they don't have the same types of interests as me
You
Telling people about the weird dream they had last night.
No interests whatsoever 
Nothing talking at all. They barely say anything or have much to say. If I have to push you to talk 
Not having their own opinions
Lack of curiosity.
Anyone overly enthused about a pastime so it's the only thing they want to talk about. Top of the li
If they’re unwilling to try something new. 
They only regurgitate things from online or TV. I had a friend who's only really contributed Family 
Depends who's looking/listening and to what he's paying attention.
Boring is not an atribute of a pe
People either lack opinions, or refuse to share them. Or you ask them about anything and they say th
People who are:

\- Overly sarcastic

\- Too critical over everything (For example someone who can't
when they have literally nothing going on in there lives....the worst people are the...   


Me: he 
When you ask them something and all you get "I don't know" or "I don't care". That's not only annoyi
No hobbies outside of the house 
I feel like I'm an example. I can't hold a conversation for the life of me. 
I've thought a lot about this lately. 
I don't think there is a universal definition of boring. Each
Pilsners. 
I'm apparently boring because I don't drink and have no interest in sex, marriage or children. So th
Someone who talks but doesn’t really say anything. Talking just to talk.
Making everything about politics. Using Donald Trump as the punchline to everything even if it doesn
They constantly talk about video games. Actually if I meet you for the first time and your first sub
Self-identifying as a boring person and giving up on fixing it.
When they refuse to speak in any form except short, less than ten word answers to almost any questio
Unwillingness to do something adventurous. Go to a weird place. Dance at the club. Go on a few day h
A bit in a different direction,  but, if they speak really slowly. That drawn out, often monotone, t
They’re too nice and have no other discernible personality traits. 
They've never stepped outside their owm comfort zone, picked up any hobbies, or done anything intere
Habitual drug-taking.
People who try to bring too much political correctness in comedy. However, there is such a thing as 
Bringing nothing to the table 
The inability to read their audience generally.
Their inability to really *connect* with others. All they would do is engage in small talk, for inst
They talk too much
The traffic in LA apparently.
Their way of speaking monotonously
Proclaiming themself to be interesting 
Telling the same stories over and over.
Their way of speaking monotonously
anything surface level talk 
Having one thing in their life that everything else revolves around (eg video games, their SO, etc).
Only echoing what other people say and not adding something new to the conversation
Granny panties 
If you’re boring. 
complaining about modern music
Asking this kinda question 
Being Republican. No sense of humor unless it's cruel.
being ugly
Being ugly. 
My grandma is a Type 2 diabetic. When she was staying with my family after Hurricane Harvey destroye
I’m a flight attendant so I see adults get angry over stupid things pretty much every time I go to w
My sister threw a fit and caused a family war when I wouldn’t move her belongings out of a dorm that
i used to work in a PT clinic as an aide...not a clinician, not certified in anything, just there to
My office wore March of Dimes shirts during the  month of November. We weren't asking for donations 
A parent at my childcare center was pissed I wouldn't let her take another child's boots. She swore 
My grown ass cousin got angry at her 5 year old niece for liking unicorns because she (adult cousin)
I wouldn't give him a free refill on his popcorn because we'd closed the stand and thrown it all awa
My mom got so mad she was red in the face. It was about biscuits at a restaurant not being perfect.
A coworker always parked in the same close parking space when he came in early in the morning.  
At 
Friend of mine got seriously hurt off a 50+ foot ski jump trying to avoid this 6~ year old girl hang
Expired coupons that weren’t redeemable because we no longer had the product.
A friend once called me, *fuming* mad, because the person working the drive-thru said "Welcome to [*
I was getting a tire patch which is free at the shop I went to.  Another lady behind me in line flip
Went with some friends to NYC in the first couple of weeks of December to do Christmas-y things in t
Literally anything with traffic. 
In multiple places, honking can basically mean you want to fight. 
My father in law loses his shit when he can’t sit in the front seat.

Note: no, he’s not super tall-
A flight having to emergency land. A few years back I was on a flight to Florida when about halfway 
I lost count of how many times someone has screamed in my face when I asked for ID for a rated R mov
I worked at an auto parts store for a while. We'd get middle aged dudes who'd get mad at us for not 
My nephew is a gymnast and he is very skilled. I was at one of his compilations award ceremonies to 
I answer 911 calls.

One day we had a fatal car crash happen, and had to reroute traffic from the ma
Lady returned her full cart of groceries to the customer service desk because my coworker with a bro
I worked at a bookstore in highschool and every winter we have a book drive and ask customers if the
My mother is currently angry as fuck at my wife and I for following her advice and getting a dog to 
I work as a barista at a coffee shop. One day this dude comes up and wants a filter coffee with almo
Had a boss who took a trip to the college football championship game (his tickets were like $1500 ea
A longtime parishioner made a scene before the morning service when she spotted a family sitting in 
A lot of the movie theaters in my area have converted to a "choose a seat when purchasing a ticket" 
A guy with his kids inside a McDonald's which was inside a Walmart. He brought his order back to the
Not being allowed to watch porn on the computers in the **children's** section of the public library
I saw a woman lose her shit because Borders wouldn't accept her Barnes and Nobles gift card. During 
My dad got pissed off that I got his umbrella wet....
Was at the book store "borders" with my family. My mom saw a toy car my little brother liked, so she
I lent somebody money with promises to pay back a week later. After a couple of weeks, I asked about
I used to work as a cashier at a grocery store and would work the express lane (15 items or less) an
Not having a specific toy (Hatchimals) in stock at the store I work at on Christmas Eve in 2017. We 
The shape of her tree...  

I work at a plant nursery and a customer came in to purchase a specific 
An old boss of mine couldn't open his Kit-Kat wrapper and so he headbutted a wall in anger.


This w
My dad is an angry dude...he’s been to court ordered anger management a few times, has been kicked o
I used to work in a deli and one time this lady came up asking for "cheese sliced thin stacked on to
Once had a woman send her two 5 to 8 yr old kids into the pop-up Halloween store I worked at, with h
Worked customer service at a grocery store. 

Woman brings in fucking boxes of canned goods and cere
One guy wanted a steam achievement for carrying a fucking garden gnome in left 4 dead 2 and started 
I was working for a print shop. One of our customers started crying because his envelopes weren't th
The wait at my restaurant. 

Now, hear me out. I'm a host, and our restaurant is in a converted hous
At the gym and this guy was rotating between three machines. Two of them were side by side and the t
That I couldn't "just reset their password" because they didn't have any security questions on file.
One time a lady asked if she could skip me in line and I said “sorry but I’m on lunch and need to ge
Had a mother stalk me on university campus when I reported her son for plagiarizing on three essays 
I was a teen and it was my first day working retail at a store where the only customers are middle a
A 50+ year old man threw a screaming fit in an international airport because they announced a gate c
I once said “Hola” to a regular customer whom I knew was bilingual and liked that I knew enough Span
When people are bad drivers I always give them a disappointed look and a thumbs down. For some reaso
A 78 year old woman not being able to scoop them fries fast enough. I'm not a confrontational person
Back in the mid 90's I worked the morning shift at a 7-11. I went in at 4:30 and got everything star
About being told that spitting is a fineable offence. 
My sister getting angry at my dad because he surprisingly gave her 100$ to enjoy on her holidays in 
A 25 cent fine on their library card. For a book they know they returned late because they told me i
My dad got mad one Easter because the family started the Easter egg hunt while he was on a walk with
A roommate once cursed me out because I asked him to contribute to the house’s “petty cash” fund, wh
I had a woman at a McDonald's cuss me out, start filming me with her phone, and then ran in front of
When I was a kid, maybe 12 years old, I was at a gas station with my mother. At the pump behind ours
This giant lady at a shoppers drug mart was violently shaking her double stroller with two toddlers 
Piers Morgan getting angry at a vegan sausage roll is pretty fucking stupid.

Well my dad's new wife totally lost her shit because she was going through my dad's phone and in a g
I’ve got a solid one. 

I played competitive Yugioh when I was younger (Gladiator beasts in their he
I get a lot of customers who get angry that you can’t seat them at the cafe I work at. We’re not a v
This is my time to shine and I'm far too late. Hopefully this gets unburied and you have some time. 
Possibly not the stupidest but the most recent and it’s up there on my top ten. 

A couple of days a
Watched an old man at Costco lose his mind at costumer services.  Mind you, as per usual, Costco is 
My dad thinks traffic congestion is caused by immigrants. 
When I was a teenager we took a ship to go to the island, on which our summer home is located. The t
Additional 5 cent price difference between the label on shelf and scanned price of item.
Was at a bar playing beerpong once, spotted an SNL cast member, so i turned to the guy next to me an
I work as a tour guide at a cavern. I have people all the time ask me about the total age of the cav
My dad absolutely loses his shit any time he’s putting ice in a glass. If he’s making a drink or get
There's a fast food restaurant in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which goes by the name of "Teriyaki Chick
This was actually recently, but my dad had been complaining we had no food in the house, so naturall
I used to work at a special coffee shop where you only pay for the time and not the coffee or snacks
I was buying some food from a street cart, $3.50 for a falafel sandwich. Some guy walks up to me and
I was waiting in line in the grocery store and the line divided into two lines so you could go to ei
Back when I worked retail, a guy wanted a candle and there were none on the shelf. I checked, we had
Working in Tesco on the checkouts as a 16 year old. Two mid 40s women nearly get into a fist fight a
Used to work at an arcade on a beach in a very touristy place. Some guy came up to me and said a cla
Solo queue ranked in any competitive team-based game

Examples: CSGO, Rainbow Six Siege, LoL, etc.


They got cream in their coffee instead of milk and threw their coffee on someone who wasn't even inv
I worked at a Polaris dealership as a Parts and Service Manager for 5 years. I'm convinced that ther
YouTube madden rage compilation 
At the restaurant I worked at we had a fundraiser called Round Up. Basically any purchase made, peop
A sausage roll
I mean, I once had someone point a double barreled shotgun at me for driving too slow. 
Elderly woman got pissed off when I was picking up a patient who’d just had a seizure and was laying
Baklava. 

My 50 year-old father threw a full on temper tantrum in the lobby of a museum because he 
One of my apartments fell apart as people moved out and moved on with their lives, and rent became t
Szechuan sauce 
Being asked if their coffeee is OK to be made in a takeout cup instead of a mug. Like, I've encounte
Video Games.

Holy cow, play online on a regular basis and listen to those grown-ass adults who want
My girlfriend's ex would get angry when my gf didn't get up at 2am to prepare dinner for when her ex
I work in a grocery store bakery, and I had a grown ass man get in my face (I’m 5’2) and scream at m
This current news story of the guy grabbing a McDonald’s employee over their straw policy... the dud
I was on the bus. I had been moving all day, I was visibly fatigued. Panting, sweating, face a mess.
I was in Las Vegas and waiting to eat at Dicks last resort. For those that don't know, Dicks is a re
Im working the closing shift at my grocery store

This bitch of a dumbass decides to do her weekly s
I was on the bus and the bus driver almost drove off without this lady cause she came running up sup
I went to an ice cream shop and the guy in front of me got a milkshake and started losing his shit c
The old Bungie / 343 Industries do a version of Star Wars Battlefront
The Sims by Rockstar, no doubt 
Hideo Kojima's Dark Souls

Hidetaka Miyazaki's Metal Gear Solid
I’d like the Rocket League devs to cover FIFA.
Naughty Dog and Zelda Ocarina of Time.
FIFA or NHL by anybody else than EA
Earthbound or Undertale being tackled by the team that made God of War 
Harry potter- Bethesda 
A Fallout/Elder Scrolls game in the style of Stardew Valley, especially if they can somehow fit farm
From Software cover of Tony hawk's Pro skater 2

I'd like to see CDPR do Fable. Or Rockstar do Mass Effect. Or Nintendo do Crackdown. Or Playground G
A 3D sonic game developed by Nintendo 
Dead Space by From Software
Nuke town in every shooter
Toby Fox doing Zelda. 
Fallout 3 by Rockstar
Bethesda or bioware covering Bioshocks Rapture and Columbia. I want to learn more about and explore 
Maybe an Elder Scrolls or Fallout by CD Projekt Red
Age of Empires 2 - Westwood Studios
I'd love some Guitar Hero covers. Imagine all the different songs that could be used!
Hitman or splinter cell covered by the people behind dishonoured 
Kingdom Hearts by Yoko Taro, "you're thinking about how much you wanna **** Aqua, aren't you?"
Kingdom Hearts - FromSoft

Katamari Damacy - Playground Games

Pokémon - Atlus

Overwatch - iD Softw
Avatar TLA by Bethesda.
If only we could get the guy who made [Stick RPG](https://youtu.be/wTlgsO8Y6e0) to develop a Pokemon
GTA by Obsidian.
Surviving Mars by Bay 12 Games.
Let Rockstar make mafia
FromSoftware’s take on Castlevania or Super Metroid.
Farming Simulator but like gta 
Give the Command & Conquer series to Petroglyph Games.

You know damn well why.
From software’s take on Ocarina of Time 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance by Platinum Games.

The roster will probably shrink considerably.
Silent Hill by Hideo Kojima. I feel like he would be able to do something really special with it and
Any game but its made by rockstar
Chess covered by EA



Cant wait to unbox a knight or a bishop
Would love to see Rockstar’s take on Fallout. Conversely, would love to see Bethesda’s take on GTA. 
this gives me a headache the gaming industry is much to different to work like this
It would be cool to play an Edmund McMillen mimic. Love all the dude's games.
I think it may be cheating a bit, but Fallout or condemned by Hideo Kojima Productions
I'd like to see anyone else do a version of Ark please. Also I would love it if game developers actu
I just want an updated CCG Zero Hour. I don't care who makes it.
The Elder Scrolls series done by Klei studios, the people behind Don’t starve and Oxygen not include
Crate Entertainment to do Diablo 3.
Megalovania, Doom Style 😎😎
Super Mario Bros. by Masahiro Sakurai

The man makes Mario and Bowser friggin warriors in Smash, I'd
Slightly different from the question but it would be fun to see a pokemon rpg made similar to zelda 
2007 Blizzard doing SWTOR. 
Rockstar doing Fable would be nice. 
Socom US Nazy seals or Diablo 2
CD Projekt Red take on an Elder Scrolls game would be awesome.
Ultima 7 by Bethesda, hands down. 
Ryse Son of Rome but by Santa Monica Studios boi
I would love to see Pokemon Pt as an Arkane game. I know it’s really different, but I want to see th
The Sims 3 and 4. Urbz Sims in the City. I’d want the GTA people to cover them. Little big planet. 
Splatoon Team: Pokemon.
GioGio's bizzare adventure for ps2
Platinum Games - The Force Unleashed
Well this is probably not as popular, but as a fan of strategy games: 
Creative assembly - Victoria 
Bioware’s world of Warcraft 
Detroit: Become Human except it's in Toby Fox style
Super Mario RPG by CDPR


Hideo Kojima making an AC game that is funded by Sony
I'd like to see a cover of "The Witcher 3" done by the guys who did Dungeon Defenders 1...
Metroid covered by irrational games (2k Boston) who made Bioshock. 
Sonic Adventure by Christian Whitehead, Simon Thomley and Pagoda West. Tee Lopes soundtrack.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim by Guerrilla Games

and related

Horizon: Zero Dawn by Bethesda
Tetsuya Nomura's Bloodborne/Dark Souls 

Yoko Taro's Kingdom Hearts
Zaktronics's *Portal*
World of Warcraft but run by Blizzard
(Jokes, but WoW covered by funcom)
Pokemon by Bethesda 
Retro Studios doing a Sonic game. We've seen how good a feel they have for momentum-based speedrun-f
Platinum doing literally anything. Doubly so if Yoko Taro is involved.
CDPR doing Knights of the Old Republic
343 can suck a D
Fallout 4 done by obsidian Fallout 76 done by obsidian
half life franchise or portal

please valve 
I'd like to see Nintendo cover Mega Man.
Vampire the masquerade: bloodlines by rockstar or Bethesda, and I mean 2013 bethesda
Mercenaries - bethesda
They do.  And none.  Make new games.  
I would want to see The Coalition (the studio currently making Gears of War games) make a cover of R
I want to see Naughty Dog cover Knack, the game that saved gaming.
Bro look what they did with bomber man, this is not a road we want to go down. 
Well there would be a lot of badly covered games for sure.
Another installment in the Jedi Knight series would be faaantastic
Any Telltale game by literally anyone else: it would be an actual game.
Red Dead Redemption 2 by Bethesda
Fallout 3 by Obsidian--oh, wait, we already had that one, it was called Fallout: New Vegas!
CD Projekt Red's cover of Dave Mira's Freestyle BMX
Bethesda does Super Mario World
Imagine Bethesda doing a Mass Effect game
2K and gearbox on shadow of the colossus 
Max Payne 2 and the FEAR trilogy
CDPR does morrowind
DayZ by literally any competent developer. 
I want Studio MDHR to cover *Minecraft.*
Kingdom come: deliverance! 
Can I also be dumbed down? If so yes. We can be stupid rich together
I asked my wife if I should take it. She responded "what do you have to lose? Take it!"
yes, I don't have a lover
My blow up dolls have always been airheads, so of course I'd take it.
Your lover must have taken the $10 million. 
I'm not sure if I would take that deal, but I'm pretty sure my husband would insist I go for it. He'
My lover or my wife?
Of course. He won't understand why Im breaking up with him. I'll buy him lifetime tickets to Wrestle
Fuck yeah she don't give a SHIT. Pay off debt, Invest a huge chunk back into real-estate ventures, t
She would be on my level of intelligence and I’m cool with that 
No thanks. I don’t wanna make myself any dumber than necessary. 
Does that mean that my right hand loses 25% of its dexterity? 
I accept, my cats aren’t the brightest anyway
No no no no no!
Nope. I love the man I'm with and his intellect is *extremely* attractive to me. Basically I'd be ac
I'm thinking of the old joke where a guy comes home and says "Sweetie, pack your bags, i just won th
He'd definitely be happier if he never had to work again... and now that I think about it, he'd prob
To think, I married an idiot for free. I should’ve held out! 😂😂😂
1. make her a deal.
1. break up with her so there is no lover
1. accept money
1. get back together.
Wtf is with all these people saying yes and commenting on what THEY think of their lover's intellige
I first read this as making MYSELF 25% less intelligent and I immediately accepted. Upon reading aga
Nope. Not my mind, not my decision. Also I love him for who he is, and changing any aspect of his in
No. We'd bonded over a lot of stuff from books to slime to her parents divorce... honestly I love he
I'm going to be rich and my hand is going to be stupid. I can live with that.
Depends, I don't have one currently. Does it still count if I make a random woman that needs despera
Bold of you to assume I can get anyone to love me.
I wouldn't. I couldn't live with the guilt.  
We have our problems and we argue sometimes, but I wou
You can find a lot of new lovers for 10 million
Nope. I love him just how he is right now and honestly dont think there is an amount of money I woul
I'm single, what happens then?
I value her intellect above all else, so no. 
Can single people just.....not answer?  I'm trying to read actual responses from people the question
I would definitely do it if it was my own intelligence on the line. I wouldn’t make that call for my
I accept, I’m single. 
Yes, because I’m single and ambidextrous so I’ll just use my left in future, thanks in advance  
How can a hand get any less intelligent? 
Yes, because I don’t have a lover.
Yes, my hand does not need to be intelligent.
My left hands useless anyway 
Yes!

I don't have a lover, ha!
I'll take $40 million, please (I don't have a lover).
No. I'd rather be broke and not imposing on others.
I have asked my lover her opinion, we will talk it over together and decide if this deal is right fo
Absolutely, I don't think I would mind if my wife and I had the same intelligence. 
yes because I have no lover
Would accept.  For some unknown reason, my current lover is my first ex wife.  $10 million would be 
Yeah, 0,75\*0 = 0 so they won't change
Hell yes. 25% off of 0 is still 0.
Yes. $10 million richer might help attract a lover!
25% less of 0% = 0%

It’s a no brainer...
Aw hell no. My SO being smart is one of my favorite things about him. 
I mean, she is already incredibly intelligent. 25% might just make her my intelligence.
Yes because I don't have a lover lol
No. I would never diminish another person’s capabilities for my personal gain.  And I doubt my wife,
Statistically that 10 million will last longer than a relationship.
100% would do it in a heart beat because then I’d be half as smart as her! 
I dont have a lover so ye
What does 25% less intelligent mean? How can you quantify intelligence?
If my lover is 0% intelligent does it overflow into 75% intelligent?
Yeah he’s too smart for his own good anyway. This will level the field. Lol
I'd win more arguments and I'd be rich? Who's saying no to this? 
Absolutely yes. Will level the playing field!!
Yeah. He’s already pretty smart.
I’m doing it. That way they won’t be intelligent enough to go all Amy Dunne on me. 
Yeah sure. He'll survive 
I’d take the offer for less than that, my wife is way too smart.
For 10 million, she could go full Flowers for Algernon
Simple solution: find a new lover!
I'd take it. I could deal with being dumber if I had $10 million to spend lol.
Yup. AFAIC my hand can get as dumb as it wants. 
Sure, they won’t be smart enough to know. 
Certainly not. ( not even an Ex...) I have no right to make any such decision that would affect the 
Yes, every person I’ve had a crush on is always like 50% smarter than me.
I dont have a lover so bring it on.
My hand already betrays me often, so 25% more typos is worth it.
I don't have a lover, so hell yeah.
Yes. I have no lover. 
If I had one, no. But for now yes.
Free $10m fuck yea

;-;
If we're talking IQ, 25% is almost the difference between average intelligence and clinically retard
In terms of IQ points that would make her a certified retard and I don't really need the money so ha
If I love myself can I take the 25% nerf?
I have no right to decide such a thing for another person.  Plus, God made you how you is and such a
I don’t have one. So yes
Talking about my now ex, no. Her mind is a beautiful thing, and I wouldn't have changed it for anyth
My hands are willing to take the hit. 
I accept the cash because i have no lover
If I use my own hand, does that mean I become dumber? Shit, I'm already in a danger some for intelli
My right hand would become 25% less intelligent?

I’ll take it!  I’m left handed.  ;). 

I’m sure th
Yes, I don't have a lover.
No. I married my wife for her brains, her wit, and her tenacity. I would never want to diminish her.
So my right hand loses a finger fuck yeah I'm game.
Yes, as I've never gone out and don't think my crush loves me so yeah
So my hand becomes 25% less intelligent? Sure. 
I don't have a lover, so...
I suppose I could live with a slightly more retarded left hand.
I mean . . . how much dumber could a sock get?
If I'm single, do I gain a lover from this? If so, sure. If not, still sure. 
Lmao what lover 
$10 million that basically equates to a painless nerve injury to my right hand? Where do I sign? 
Ofc. Since I don't have one :(
How will my hand become stupid?
What lover?  Never had one.
Dont have a lover. The people that like be are douches. Would take it anyway
Yes because I have no lover :(
I’m single. If this mean the last person I loved would get less intelligent, then I’m really not see
So my hand would just because less coordinated?
my hand?
My who ? 
Sure. No SO, no worries. 
I don’t have a lover so can I just take the ten mil and go
Sure. I don't have a lover.
Yes, not sure my hand has intelligence anyways.
I have no lover so win win for me
I do.


Because I have no lover
I don't have a lover, so yeah.

My mother answered with "Yeah, because he isn't that smart all ready
Jokes on you, I don’t have a lover. Sign me up, bitches.
Yea. I don’t have a lover so whatever. I get $10 million though so that’s good.
OFCOURSE I don’t have a lover.
Hell yeah! And she would be none the wiser.
I would because I don't have a lover.
I'm sure u/GlitteringClaymore could take one for the team
My left hand can't get much dumber. 
My hand has no intelligence to begin with...
I do not know how my hand will become 25% less intelligent but i am willing to give it a go.
My lover is myself, so what's the difference? 
Does that mean ol' lefty is gonna be 25% less dextrous? Deal
How does my hand lose intelligence? Does the person who give me the money cripple it?
Yes I don’t have a lover 
Yes because I’m single
Yes; I don't have one 
No lover.

Get $10 million?

Get lover with full intelligence. 
I don’t have a lover so yeah
i can deal with having a retarded left hand so yes, yes i would take it. 
My vibrator doesn’t need to be smart so sure why not. But if I had a lover then no I absolutely woul
How does a right hand become 25% less intelligent?
Joke's on them my hand is already pretty dumb!
Does that mean I'd loose a little more than a finger?  I'll take it!
I want to say no, but then I consider whether I am doing this unpaid.

Habits of sleep deprivation a
No, that'd be fucking stupid
Yes, a lover that doesn’t exist can become any less intelligent. 
Yes

Because I don't have a lover, so you can't lower the intelligence of... Nothing
I have no significant other so nothing to lose 
My left hand wouldn't mind.
Well considering I’m single....yeah I’m taking it. 
My left hand already bangs into stuff all day long and scuffs my watch up, so I don't see how reduci
So what does that mean? My handwriting gets a little sloppier? It’s barely legible as it is. Sign us
Hell yeah! I don’t have a lover!
I have nobody in my life so I'll take it. It's literally free money.
Jokes on you I don’t have a girlfriend!
Uh yes! My “lover” is my vibrator and he works just fine without the batteries, so hand over that 10
Oh no. My hand gets dumber.....
I don't know how a pillow I hug at night that isn't even a body pillow can get any less intelligent.
Heh, jokes on them, I've been single for years...
So, like, a hand cramp?
No way :( I liked my wife being smart!
I accept because I don't have a lover.
Well yeah,  now we're on the same level, intellectually speaking
I don’t have a lover so yeah I’ll take it
Yes, because PNGs aren't sentient
Lover, what? I will die single soon this just a "take 10 million dollars or don't with no downsides"
Hah, jokes on you, I’m forever alone so I gain 10 million and lose nothing!
I accept because I don’t have a lover
My wife is already approximately 34% smarter than I am.  This would just even the playing field whil
.25 x 0 = 0
Depends on what you mean by intelligent. My girlfriend is school stupid but the best singer I know. 
Sure! I'll take that dumb bitch to the Carribean!
Depends who, if I'm being fully honest. I've loved a couple women as much for brains than body, woul
I'm bored so here's some math :)

**Tldr:** After the hit (assuming the starting IQ isn't known), th
I have no lover. So yes.
$10 million plus 25% more chance to get away with all the cheating? Sign me up.
I don't even have a lover, so sure, give me the money.
so basically it’d be like having nerve damage in my right hand.
I don't have a lover, so HELL YES
Being with the person you love is about the deep conversations, mutual understanding, companionship,
So when I asked my SO about this they said that we can both do it so won’t notice how dumb the other
Of course. 

Then we would be rich and I would finally be as smart as my wife.
No, I wouldn't accept. My wife's intelligence is her most attractive quality to me. She's my best fr
In a heartbeat you can’t have 25% of 0
No. She wouldn't be the girl I loved anymore
Hell no! her being smart is what makes her better than all the dumb sluts I used to run through. Id 
0-0 is still 0
Nope. I'll earn more than that.
Jokes on you , I don't have a lover
Yes, i dont have a lover
I like to think my wife is pretty smart, so even 25 percent dumber,  she would be good company. 

On
Yes, because if I take enough of these "You get money, BAD THING HAPPEN" offers I become hypothetica
How do you define 25% intelligence? That's not how intelligence works..
No.

My wife is in the top percentile range of IQ scores, no, not based on the online free tests. He
Sooo, 20 million bucks later and she's a Trump supporter? 
What if i don't have a "lover"?

Get the 10 million and get a divorce, is that possible?
This happened to me whenever my wife got pregnant. Those preggo hormones really do a number on a wom
Hmmmm no I wouldn't. That would be like loosing a quarter of the persons personality that would have
Can you discuss it with them first? 
My right hand isn't sentient, I'll take it.
Done.  My right hand doesn't have a brain of its own.
No. To be honest she can't spare it
Yeah she's already unintelligent so why not make her eligible to collect disability.
Not sure how someone who doesn't exist can have a decreased IQ, so I'll take the money.  
  
Finally
My wife is already 50% smarter than me. 
make her 50% and give me $20M
Yes because 10 milli bitch 
It would work great. I could split the money with her and give her a million.
Yeah, they're already dumb enough that the change wouldn't amount to anything
No. Having enough money is nice but having more than necessary is a burden and in the end, brings mo
How about 25% in a certain subject? If they don't know anything about computers bring that down by 2
Wow yes that is a win on all fronts 
Even the playing field and gain 10 Mil.
Seems like some of my ex lovers have accepted this offer
No. My lovers brilliance makes me love her that much more. 
Yes because she’ll still be pretty darn smart and her job is based much more on creativity than inte
Yeah, but I need to go cheat on my husband with an asshole first.
Well she can’t go in the negatives I don’t think...
I guess that means I’d be 25% less intelligent.
Yeah, sure. I mean, it would probably put her on my level. I am not dumb (I like to believe), she's 
Yeah, thats a win win.
Yes, for ten million reasons why

Yup, then the imaginary lover will be too dumb to realise she deserves better and leaves me... this 
Sure. 10 Mil with no side effects. LOL
It's not permanently permanent.  After the kids grow up and move out a lot of it comes back.
My boyfriend is pretty smart. He could probably spare some if it, I'd have to ask first though lol 
Yes. My husband is legit brilliant. He can afford it.
Sounds like a win-win situation
Yes absolutely. She's already brain dead.
Is the 10 million taxed and does the lover have to know about it?
Yes my girlfriend makes me feel bad when shes angry belittles me with big words
Well..  shes a nurse and that could have some serious implications on peoples lives.... buuuuut 10 m
I have 120 iq last time I checked so that should leave me at roughly 90 which is enough so I'd take 
Hell no, that'd take him below my threshold
Yes, theyre already a ritard.
No. I'm rather fond of my SO's intelligence.
She can't get any dumber so sign me up /s
Yes. My wife would still be more intelligent than my ex by far. 
Hopefully 25% less intelligent will make her 25% more horny. SHOW ME THE MONEY!!!
She is already super smart, she needs to come down a peg anyways
10 million to become a retard!?
Yes, I need Money!
Yes because I don’t like being the dumb one 
I really love my girl and i couldnt deal with her being basically lobotomized over night for money, 
Sure, even though it's going to be weird seeing the anime degrade because protag can't make decent c
25% of 0 still 0....
Yep I would, mine is a pretty smart dude, so losing 25% wouldn't be a big deal.
I'd take $10 million to bring my wife down to my level any day. 
75% of 0 is still 0.
Is this like current? cause for 10 Mil I can trade up models and be fine with leaving an idiot to fe
I don't think I can afford to lose 25% dexterity. 
Russia stealing Romanian national treasures. 


In ww1 Romania declared war on germany, then got abs
Rape of Nanking (especially that contest over who could kill the most people the fastest)
Probably the [Warwolf siege Weapon](http://www.medievalchronicles.com/medieval-weapons/castle-siege-
Abraham Lincoln getting assassinated five days after the end of the civil war.
When Hitler said he wouldn’t invade Poland but did anyways. 
The Rwandan genocide 
Emperor Shah Jahān cutting off the Taj Mahal architect’s fingers after its completion so he could ne
The Soviet response to the Warsaw Uprising.  The well organised Polish resistance gave the Nazi occu
Looking at this thread, I can already tell you that /r/badhistory is easily going to have enough mat
Nazi's stealing thousands of artwork ([including an entire room made out of Amber](https://en.wikipe
Unit 731 — absolutely vile human experimentation that produced very little usable data. For the most
The British not supporting the Irish in the Potato Famine
Brutus
"You're not gonna invade Czechoslovakia, right?" - "I would never do that" 

\*proceeds to invade Cz
I feel like WWII from the lead up to the very end was just one giant dick move after another.
Cheney making his hunting buddy apologize for his face getting in the way of Cheney's birdshot.

EDI
The Japanese blurring their porn.. holy hell that is some bullshit!
Meteor crashed into Earth and killed the dinosaurs. What the fuck meteor you piece of shit? Were try
El Cuarto del Rescate. "Fill up this room with gold or we'll kill your leader!" (room gets filled wi
when I moved into a new house in college, one of my brand new roommates invited me to play RISK with
That time Marty Jannetty caused the break up of the Rockers and in act of cowardice tried to escape 
Surprised no one mentioned the great purge by Stalin. 
The conditions and treatment of the mentally ill in asylums for centuries. Lobotomies, electroshock 
Burning of the Library of Alexandria
The Spanish destruction of the Mayan and Aztec codices.  Everyone likes to mention the burning of th
The Trail of Tears.
The Holocaust 
The sykes-picot agreement.
Rocky Balboa single handedly destroying communism by punching it in the face and then not installing
Kevin durant joining Golden state
Saddam Hussein lighting the oil wells. No point other than "screw y'all!"
The British ransacking and pillaging India of its wealth. 

They still to this day hold India’s trea
Parliament banning the kilt just to fuck with the Scots is a bit of a dick move.  

The top one for 
The Brazen Bull was a torture-execution method in which a person was locked in a tight bronze chambe
Surprised no one talked about Mao Zedong who brought a famine on China killing millions.
PlayStation making you pay to play online
Pretty much all the communist leaders. STOP. STARVING. YOUR. PEOPLE
Professional Wrestler Tojo Yamamoto’s apology for Pearl Harbor, issued in Boaz, Alabama:

Wrestling 
I'm in Bosnia right now. I just went to potacari and sebrenicia.... Total dick move. Serbian forces 
How has nobody mentioned the destruction of the [Khwarezmid](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongol_
"I swear, all we want is the Sudetenland..."
God taking Stefan away from us.
Leopold II's genocide in Congo
Napoleon's campaign in the Ottoman Empire. 

I'll take my loyal veteran army into the deserts, fight
George Washington.

Britain: George, you served us so good against the French and Indians we're goin
The Spanish Inquisition. Basically a theological political power grab that tortured and killed thous
In the Bible, Jacob would only give his hungry brother, Esau, a bowl of stew if he traded his inheri
the emu wars
Jews consider(ed) the Temple of Solomon to be the holiest location in the world, particularly the Te
Betrayal of Poland by the West after II WW.
During russian revolution Nicholas Romanov  is asking his first cousin the King of England if he and
The leader of Persia, Khosrau Anushirawan really hated the Byzantine emperor Justinian. He destroyed
I was going to say Nixon starting a global war on drugs as a means of controlling political dissent 
When settlers presented Native Americans with smallpox blankets. Dick move America. 
Eating my sandwich. Whoever did will die!!!
The allies giving Poland to Stalin... 
Lorena Bobbitt's revenge has to be the worst dick move.
When U.S president Woodrow Wilson signed the federal reserve act. Allowing a group of savvy bankers 
MK Ultra
[The origin story of the "White Elephant" is a pretty dick move](https://www.rd.com/culture/history-
The new star wars battlefront games
How has no one mentioned the US taking out a democratically elected leader in Iran and bringing in a
The Trojan Horse.
Yoko Ono.
The Mystic Massacre. After a raid on a newish town in Connecticut (Wethersfield) the town’s felt thr
The Krikket wars.
Russian history: and then things got worse.
In the Canadian north, European traders convinced the natives to collect furs for the European marke
Hitler gassing the Jews might be up there. 
The "Prophet" muhamed at Banu Qurayza in 622 where he laid siege to a Jewish town.  

The Jews surre
The My Lai Massacre was pretty fucking rude. The punishments handed out to the perpetrators were als
There was that headline the other day that was a dude rescued a bald eagle by shooting down the bran
Catching a home run ball in your beer. 
A negative stereo type... Heart attack grill in Vegas, where if you weigh over 400(?) pounds you eat
Going to pornhub after your team loses the Superbowl
Sitting on your couch on a Sunday afternoon with a 6-pack of beers, chips, and hot wings for the foo
That speech from Independence Day.
A McDonald's inside a Walmart
Sitting on the porch: In one hand, a beer, on the other hand, a bald eagle.
Not understanding why soccer is popular.
Cheese burgers listening to jazz
Flags. Omg flags EVERYWHERE. 
fried oreos
Hamburgers wrapped in American flags.
Uncle sam wearing a pimp coat of bald eagle feathers, simultaneously rocking an American flag Speedo
A chimichanga.

It derives from the burrito, which is a completely American dish adapted from a much
The KFC doubledown. Two slices of bacon and cheese between two pieces of fried chicken.
A number of years ago, a friend brought me along to a 4'th of July barbeque. I wasn't familiar with 
Lifted F150 with a US flag and NRA sticker. 

Edit: Included a picture of my truck https://imgur.com
Stereotype of optimism and friendliness. I really love that ideal of America that we as a people are
Dying of a preventable disease cause youre poor. 
A Texas steak barbecue (with, of course, propane, and a shit load of beer) on the 4th of July hosted
“Mexican Food” 
friend once used duct tape to tan his back in the shape of an american flag
Maybe something POSITIVE about America?

I regularly encounter people who wouldn’t think twice about
Cheeseburger wrapped in hot dog
Shared this story before but for me its overhearing 2 yank tourists in scotland, i think they were i
A soldier in full military gear with a bald eagle perched on his shoulder eating a cheeseburger whil
Lawsuits for everything.

 Calling everything an assault, and saying ''I'll call the police for this
The constitution. 
This: https://www.rockabilia.com/the-mountain-lincoln-the-emancipator-t-shirt-234808.html

Is it a b
Costco - represents how HUGE stuff is in the USA
Cheese in a can
I went to the funeral of my uncle at a church in a small southern town.  He was active in several co
My father. Came to this country and worked his ass off. Took any job he could get. Got married and s
I’m not American so I’m not talking from experience, but if I was to witness a guy driving a motocro
A USA USA USA chant

Also this song: https://youtu.be/U1mlCPMYtPk
https://xhamster.com/videos/roadside-blowjob-with-beer-chugging-and-shooting-guns-5676737

NSFW
Chuck Norris
Guns
Dying because you couldn't afford to visit the doctor
Watching a super bowl with your fellas, beers and barbecue
The Superbowl
A 90’s fitness VHS
A blonde in a bikini firing a semi-automatic selling beer to evangelicals. 
Texas
I was born on THE Fourth of July, just outside of Washington DC, as fireworks were starting. I have 
The bacon wrapped extra long hot dogs they always sell after music festivals. You can see the sadnes
Nascar
A nuclear family in a nice house behind a white picket fence. With an American flag hanging off the 
Firing a shotgun in the air while balls deep in a squealing hog. 
Chinese food
Apple pie.
Karen.
Kicking ass and taking names
Mass shootings seem popular down there
Playing the game "Was that a firework or a gunshot?"
[Catching a bat in one hand without dropping your beer during a minor league baseball game](https://
Paying for the hospital 
fast food. 
Reddit. Everything about it is so American 
school shootings
War for peace.
As european, having a flag printed/attached to anything. I wouldnt be surprised if you have a flag m
Systematic Racism 
Paying 500k$ hospital bill because you choked on your mc burger when you saw a bald eagle catch a ho
ITT: a bunch of Europeans who have never been to America listing the negative stereotypes they've he
Tipping
Inviting only Americans to a competition and calling the winners 'world champions.'
Invading a middle eastern country for oil.
Capitalisim
Fat people 
Flags. 

Flags everywhere.

Or really any of that "America nr.1!!" type of stuff. It's all so intens
Stuft crust pizza.
The Simpsons!

Glazed donut bacon cheeseburger
Texas 
Anything gun related. 
Donald Trump. I wasnt shocked here in Europe when Trump won because I honestly can't think of someon
Tolerance of some stranger's personal business. The heavy emphasis that real Americans place on self
Fat people.

&#x200B;
Overpriced medication.  Overpriced health care. Overpriced health insurance. Overpriced housing. 

I
Patriotism on levels bordering outright arrogance/ignorance.
mass shootings
Going bankrupt due to not being able to afford a medical bill 
A desert eagle with a American flag printed grip that shoots bald eagles full of pride for democracy
The adverts. Me and my buds tune in to watch the UFC and whenever the adverts come on you can bet yo
A grilled cheese sandwich with Velveeta cheese dunked in Campbell’s tomato soup.
the Pledge of Allegiance..
Fat. Just fat.
Big macs and schools being shooting ranges
Delusions of grandeur. Lack of awareness that everything that made this place great is being eroded.
School shootings 
Soccer... using the word 'soccer'
Landwhales.
Trump
School shootings 
School shootings.
The love affair of the gun.

Not just an interest, hobby or skill or for fun, but this whole mindset
being spoiled and complaining about micro aggressions
Mass shootings and a national refusal to deal with them.
The Luther burger 
the super bowl
On every US Aircraft Carrier, there is a Starbucks.

Source: was on the Harry S Truman.  Theirs is n
Steve Rogers
The national anthem sung by Jim cornelisun at Chicago Blackhawks games is pretty awesome
A Florida man was caught/arrested for...
War
Buying guns against high crime rates. 
I once got a Whopper from Burger King and then drove literally across the street in my Ford F-150 to
Guns.

There was this one news article where this retired cop shot at a burglar with his AR-15 and p
Not ironically wearing the flag on tops and bottoms any day of the year. 
Wondering if that sound you heard was a gunshot or fireworks.
School shootings
Buying more guns after hearing about a school shooting on the news.
Debt and poor health 
Oil
Shitty processed cheese. 
Death by firearm 
People dying of diabetes because they can't afford insulin. 
School shootings
Just the fact that they call themselves ‘American’ when the continent is called America with other c
Not knowing geography. 
Not being able to afford my really expensive medicine that keeps me from bleeding out when injured, 
Capitalism and Imperial measurement
Thinking: “Is it gunshots or Fireworks?”
The was that video of a guy getting a bj while chugging a beer and firing off a whole clip before sl
Gun violence?
Mass shootings.
Frequent mass shootings. 
Shitty health care
School Shotings
Destroying human civilization to run up quarterly profits.
300 million immigrants and descendants of immigrants yelling at each other.
Shit healthcare
Getting killed in a school shooting. 
Government shutdown resulting in a delay in tax returns and government employees with no income what
Mass shootings 
School shootings
I've seen a guy wearing an American flag durag smoking a Marlboro Red have a runaway gun (weapon kee
Racism and/or flags
Going to war to benefit wealthy people.

Basically all the wars. We are pretty good at it.
American bullies.

&#x200B;

[http://americanbully.info/](http://americanbully.info/)
Microwaveable packages of pulled pork
Garth Brooks and Dolly Parton 
Back in the day, Americans would fire guns in the air to distract baseball players.
Trying to get out of jury duty. 
The Texas State Fair. They will deep fry anything: margaritas, pizza, pb&j, oreos, twinkies, ice cre
ALL DA WAY
Speed Limit: 80 MPH
Trump
Southern accent.
Being fat and stupid.
Shopping at walmart in a mobile cart not due to disability but obesity
Trading a baby for 15 Big Macs. 
Dropping napalm on Vietnamese villagers.
ignorance and obesity
Getting shot
Cops killing black people
School shootings 
From time to time I hear about companies that let you shoot your own tv at their place with an autom
spray cheese 
Grilling burgers and hot dogs while tailgating at a NASCAR race.
Obnoxious attitudes.
Shooting up a school.
Thinking America is the best country.
School shootings
r/burgers
Thanking anyone they see in military uniform for their service.
Coming out of retirement to go back to work at a school because of medical bills from your spouse be
A dude rding an eagal, that is shooting bullets outs of its mouth, with the colours red blue and whi
Feeling like you are better than everyone 
Yup and man was I right. 
Yep

16 year old me in my first job. Met 17 year old intelligent, kind, beautiful girl. I was social
Yeah, but only because I was very unhealthy.
My best friend! Most incredible person I know. She keeps me grounded and gives me the hard truths wh
Yeah, my wife. Especially since things are rough right now.
Yeah, I met her on a trip where I had the responsibly for 30 highschoolers, she was the medic.
I was
Yea my cat 
Going through it right now.

With a girl that I'm crazy about and I know she's crazy about me. But I
Yes I did and yes it did and yeis I'm ded
Absolutely. I feel like she is drifting away right now and fuck that hurts. She is fucking perfect w
Yes, my son. He teaches me something new everyday. I’d hate to live in a world without him.
yeah, my girlfriend is the best person in the fucking world, love her so much but we're both 17 and 
Yes. Lost him.

And the now the painful memories are coming ... 
In the middle of it rn and it sucks 
Yep. I knew she was beyond perfect. Way out of my league. We saw each other some. I fucked it up. 


Yes and things are really strained at the moment 
Right now. We’re both young, I leave for college by the end of the year and it’s the first relations
I used to. Not anymore now. Time is a great healer.
The first people I think about are my parents :( 
Every other year pal, *sigh* every other year!
My conjoined twin...
Shit happens man
Yeah when I first saw my mom
Yes, 1 time so far, but i know more will come...
Yes, and I was absolutely right. I’m just starting to recover from it.
My best friend in America. We were casual friends for most of the time we knew each other and then b
My grandma
Yes. Didn’t know I wasn’t the only one. I tend to avoid relationships platonic or not because of it.
sounds good doesnt work!
YES. 11 years later I learned the fucking hard way. 
Ooff. Yup. But that’s some negative ass thinking.


2 of them actually, i cherish every moment im with them
Yes and yes it did / does.
Yes, for me there have been four people who I really like a lot but I lost contact with three of the
My current SO. We’ve gone through so much in the almost 2 years we’ve been together. I love him so m
That thought never crossed my mind because I didn't think I would ever lose them.

Then we broke up 
I'm in that exact place right now. I love my best friend and as it always goes she doesn't love me. 
This is exactly the reason why I'm afraid to fall in love. 
Ha, So I actually just lost this person yesterday when they told me I'm no longer welcome in their l
It had been a long time since I'd even had a crush on someone. I was just so done with relationships
Every time. Currently in the strongest relationship I've ever had, 2.5 years in and we're completely
I have. It still does. Twenty years later, still hurts and I still miss her.
Yes. Dating is about deciding whether or not it's worth it anyway.
Yes and it did.
If you put someone up on a pedestal, they have no choice but to look down on you.

Be very careful O
My husband. We've been together 18 years and I never believed anyone got this lucky in life. But the
I own a mirror, yes.
She even said “I wish we had met later in life, because there’s things I need to be single to do so 
Yes. My doggie. 
What kinda pessimistic shit is that
every time i look in the mirror, baby!
Yeah. It really did hurt, but what hurts the most is knowing I'm responsible for it.
Literally just saw this tumblr post on facebook like an hour ago. 
Yes, and reading this question brought back a whole lot of pain. I wont go into detail, and based on
Considering I'm attracted to women (unfortunately), no
Queen Victoria had one little genetic mutation, which made her a carrier of hemophilia B. It was pas
Well, about 20 years ago this one idiot pulled an entire fake study out of his ass about how vaccine
The discovery that people who got Cowpox rarely got Smallpox. This lead to using Cowpox lesions to i
The assassination of Franz Ferdinand changed the entire world. I guess in a way it was the butterfly
In about 1218-1219, Genghis Khan and the Mongols send a caravan to a bordering nation called Khwarez
Hitler getting rejected from art school.
Sulla deciding to spare Caesar. The whole civil war, really, but sparing Caesar was the smallest mov
It's a fairly known bit of trivia now, but looting of music equipment stores during the 1977 New Yor
In 1953 a UK/US backed coup overthrew the democratically elected government of Iran in order to prot
Katherine of Aragon, daughter on Ferdinand and Isabella, only produces one child that survives and t
Not super important but in 1970 the Buffalo Bills made a bad pass to the endzone and lost the last g
Someone mentioned on a different thread about how Hannibal Buress and his Bill Cosby joke may have l
A certain spanish explorer making a conversion error about the circumference of the earth, which eve
A guy accidentally posting a private message to twitte r alters a presidential race.

Anthony Weiner
I feel like a lot of people in this thread don't totally understand the meaning of the butterfly eff
Every time a baby is conceived, there are literally MILLIONS of other sperm that could potentially h
Winston Churchil surviving getting hif by a car, she knows what would have happened had he been kill
The Battle of Thermopylae leading to the Battle of Plataea; The latter ended the Persian's designs o
St. Paul (I think it was him) argued that Christianity should be preached to the gentiles (non-Jews)
The invention of the plough.

It basically changed us completely, from largely foraging nomads to se
Stunspore. It made catching pokemon so easy
> Ornithoptera alexandrae, the Queen Alexandra's birdwing, is the largest butterfly in the world, wi
Hitler didnt get into an art school. Some other guy got the placement just by a hair.

That was befo
When the Europeans started to explore the America, it’s possible they caused the deaths of a fifth o
Invention of transistors
Al Gore losing the 2000 US election. Gore was more focused on global warming 20 years ago than 95% o
Not sure if this counts but imagine if Einstein had not been born in a first World country.  He coul
The United States having the opinion that the Afghanistan war was similar to the cold war, 

This le
Two of Heisenberg's former students left Germany when the Nazi party started cracking down on Jews. 
Probably the starting of mass commercial production of plastic (1950s). It's going to last for over 
Anthony Weiner's laptop. James Comey announces a week and a half before the 2016 election that the C
A good sandwich created the entire world as we know it:

In 1914 a group off assassins attempted to 
A british ww1 soldier had Hitler in his sights, but the thought of killing someone overwhelmed him w
Jeri Ryan, a/k/a Seven of Nine from Star Trek: Voyager, went to sex clubs but wouldn't publicly get 
obama shit talking trump causing him to run for president
The Spanish flu of 1918.  
The appear of Panama isthmus that made the ocean currents change and caused Africa to change its cli
a small loan of a million dollars.
splitting the atom
The completely inadvertent invention of the knapped flint knife. The earliest of those "knives" was 
Anthony Wiener's sexting habit...
A British soldier not killing hitler in 1918 are not that super big, but probably the reason we all 
Franz Ferdinand.
People moving around increased the spread of the black plague which wiped out almost 1/3 of Europe.
Lenin was exiled from Russia. Germany found him and smuggled him back into Russia, because of this t
The assassination of Franz Ferdinand.
Genghis Khan's birth. 
The guy who decided to spare a wounded German soldier’s life during World War 1. That German’s name?
Assassination of Archduke Ferdinand
The US Military that was in Europe in the 60's,70's&80's cant give blood . Most dont really know abo
9/11 changed the US forever. 
The computer/internet
Manhattan project 
No Seven Years’ War —> no additional taxation of the American colonies to pay off debts —> no backla
gal named mary accidentally got pregnant and, in order to avoid being shamed for no longer being a v
[deleted]
That one guy nailed to the cross about 2000-something years ago
Saban to Bama
Fried chicken
JFK's assassination 
From what I’ve read, repercussions from the French Revolution are still being seen today. 
Some dude said some shit about the Earth being flat and here we are. That, and aids.
The Bible
Just a person that has been born (possibly? The humanity is still arguing about that big time) rough
Assassination of Franz Ferdinand as it started ww1 and that ended in the great depression which caus
Klara Plözl gave birth to Adolf Hitler 
Two connected events that could be viewed as one: the US national security state encouraging religio
Who was it that said the most important battle in British history was the Battle of Marathon? 
Nuking Japan creating anime
OJ Simpson is the reason anybody even knows the name Kardashian and why the world has to keep up wit
I know that essentially everything about our world would change, but without gavrilo princip there w
Probably the accidental discovery of penicillin 
Mushrooms figured out how to break down lignin around 300 million years ago. this had a huge effect 
Supposedly during WWI, a British soldier could have easily killed Hitler but he decided to spare him
Well it can be said that Trump's election allowed for Mexico's current president to be elected. Clin
A man named Ronald Wayne makes a small business loan of $15,000 to two nerds in a garage to buy the 
Agriculture. Not just because it's so far back it influences everything after, but specifically beca
The invention of the smartphone and social media.  In relation to many historical events, in the spa
Rodney King
faraday and maxwell figuring out that if you moved a magnet through some wires with current in it, t
Indians resqueing the first settlers
that rock I once kicked off a cliff when I was a kid, many babies wouldn't have been born if the roc
A child nearly drowned when he was four years-old but was saved by a local priest. 
Historians have 
A small family feud in Mongolia resulted in the creation of one of the world's largest empire. 
An old white male put a piece of paper in a box with a name written on it, Trump gets elected, incre
American revolution. I would say that sparked a ton of crap.
It's the Seven Year War and Prussia is losing badly against Austria and Russia. The Russian Tsarina 
I would say the entire history of the world is one big butterfly effect. Say if young Temujin and hi
The assassination of JFK
Fire.
A man carrying the Duke of Ferdinand took a wrong turn where he then ran into am assassin who shot h
Some cunt didn't raise her kid to take responsibility for himself, so he grew up to lead the Third R
What that I can think of his the death of Emperor Frederich. He was the Holy Roman Emperor at that t
Extinction of the dinosaurs:

If the event that caused the extinction of the dinosaurs never happene
The vienna school of art denied entrance to a talented and inspired artist who had been working his 
Sugar puffs or Frosties?
horses making it to asia from north america
A. WW1. WW2 would not have happened if WW1 was not there.
B. Coca Cola and sugar lobby sponsoring me
George washington is command of a small force of British Soldiers started a 7 year long global confl
The assassination of archduke Ferdinand.  There was an attempt on his life earlier in the day involv
I feel there was one guard who opened the gate the night the Berlin wall fell but can't remember exa
A priest saved a young Adolf from drowning.hence ww2
When that young Serb killed a prince and millions of men died, empires crumbled and the foundation o
Some years after independence of USA, it was decided to start using metric system. To do so a refere
A guy took his wife to swingers clubs, and then we had the first black president.
Henry Becquerel once accidentally kept a photographic plate with a piece of Uranium in his drawer. T
I think this decision would have changed the world as we know it,so in my opinion this is a massive 
Every event in history is a butterfly effect 
Butterfly ettect anounced.
When I didn't turn in the homework. Teacher knew that single act would later be the cause of WWIII.
gay marriage, legalizing weed, youtube.
The Academy of Fine arts Vienna rejected Hitler twice ( once in 1907 and again in 1908)  and crushed
So, there was this ruler. His name was Karl, might of heard of his empire. The Holy Roman one. Not t
9/11 really changed up security tactics. 
King Cyrus of Persia rebuilding the Solomon Temple in 519BC.
i'm surpised no one has said 9/11.
World war 1
The little wrong turn Franz Ferdinands driver took when they were in Serbia
Using atomic weapons. 
I dont think there is such thing as a butterfly effect.

Let's me explain with an example

Hitler ge
Watching Travellers as well huh? 
The first person to lie. Apparently, all politicians are his descendants.
28-3
An apple falling on a Greek philosopher's head 
well 5000 years ago someone killed someone else which **may** have had huge implications for our wor
The big bang 
Casting Donald trump into the apprentice. 
When the US government made GPS accessible to everyone, not just the military
A random, or unexpected, find would be penicillin.
Many of the great leaders of history are basically butterfly effect people.  If Genghis Khan’s fathe
The Roman emperor Constantine converting to Christianity, making Christianity legal in the Roman emp
I accidentally farted and caused hurricane Harvey.
Eve took a bite from an apple and since then all of humanity are sinners
The first person with “hurt feelings” that felt the need to tell the world.
The Big Bang
9/11.
Wrong damn fruit from the wrong damn tree.
My last week's sandwich.
You can't see it yet but I tells ya
A public speaking professor announced on the first day of class that freshman shouldn't be allowed t
I failed a gym class based on lack of participation, even though I tore my miniscus in football.

Ev
I had a teacher that knew me and my family and knew that I was adopted and that my biological parent
I had a professor that distinctly did not have a syllabus and stated so that we would have to come t
I had severe social anxiety as a child and normally didn’t speak in school unless I was spoken to fi
Grade 9 teacher took out a girl who liked me, and I liked back, out for lunch and told her to stay a
My 5th grade teacher told me that I plagiarized an essay. My parents confronted her after seeing an 
My fifth grade teacher was a nightmare. He stood by while other students punched me, called me names
Grade 7 science class. Exam day. My teacher says to the person I was sitting next to "DaughterEarth 
Not really the most impressing story, but it meant a lot to me back then,

As a kid, I was diagnosed
Spanish teacher told me he really didn't like teacher XY because XY was such a dumbass, fool, idiot,
A level tutor told me not to do an English degree because I wasn't good enough. Did an English degre
Not me, but my daughter, who has ulcerative colitis. In her junior year in high school she was in ho
Not to me, but to my younger brother. In elementary school, one year the school decided to have a en
I was born in the states, but my parents are Hindus from India.  I was 10 years old in 6th grade whe
When I was in 5th grade, my teacher, Ms. Bennett, used me as an example for all the other kids.  For
Grade 12 Calc teacher told my class we were the reason he’s retiring this year, and stapled McDonald
One of the things that messed me up the most was when one of them called me a “lost cause” in a clas
In college I had a note pad and pencil to take notes and the prof told me to leave a programming cla
My undergrad prof in Thermodynamics was shit at teaching, particularly with unit conversion. Would m
I am (and always have been) organizationally challenged. In elementary school we had desks that you 
In 5th grade some school play was being rehearsed. The teacher was directing the lead actors and eve
In college one professor announced to the rest of the class that when she first met me she thought I
Second grade, first  day. Small fundamentalist Chirstian school, about 1970. Teacher informs the oth
At our elementary school, in the graduating class, there was a top academic award.  All my siblings 
Called me a disgrace to humanity and an abuser of woman when I was 13

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I forgot to bring my PE kit so my grade 5 PE teacher forced me to wear my sisters PE uniform, which 
Some guy in my class scribbled nonsense all over my homework before I had the chance to submit it. 

Stayed up for 3 nights just to finish my working drawings. Prof said it's garbage and threw it out t
4th grade teacher hated me, that year my uncle died of lung cancer. I was obviously out for a day fo
I had a teach when I was 13, mean ass bitch, bullied the shit out of me. She was obssessed with want
Dragged me to the office. I'm not exaggerating, she grabbed my wrists, and dragged me, and wouldn't 
In 6th grade my PE teacher gave me D’s and F’s for meeting the district requirements. Meeting the di
In 3rd grade, I turned in a permission slip for something. My mom had signed it and she has a beauti
When I was around 10 or 11, my parents enrolled me in a very expensive school. There was no way in h
Didn't happen to me...but to another peer of mine in 10th-grade math class. Teacher said to a kid wi
My 6th grade math teacher measured all of our weights to demonstrate mean, median, mode, range, etc.
Brush me off when I told her people were calling me racial slurs. 
Told my parents she didn't expect me to make many friends, implicitly because I'd been diagnosed wit
Didn't happen to me, but a girl I went to school with.

We were having a field trip at the local par
 Mrs Burns, my teacher when I was 6/7 years old used to bully me on a daily basis. Absolute cunt of 
Back in secondary school, there was this music teacher who seemed to hate me. To this day I don't kn
Gave me a mock practice oxbridge interview that ended with him saying "you'd think an oxbridge appli
   In 7th grade, I went through a phase of making finger pistols and saying "you the MAN". Forgive m
-Called me something, I don't remember maybe an idiot or stupid, because I was under the table tying
During my sophomore tear of HS, my US history teacher accused me of cheating on a geography test.   
I remember one time during a test a classmate was trying to ask me for help. He kept calling my name
This was in 9th grade APUSH. When I was 14, my mom didn't let me have Facebook or any kind of social
I have a unique name and went to a predominantly white elementary school. My grade 5 teacher would s
When I was in college, I was a smoker. Every day after lunch I would move away from the other people
When I got my diagnosis of Autism spectrum disorder (formerly known as Asperger's syndrome) my paren
I went to a magnet public high school. It was completely free, but was filled with mostly rich kids 
My 7th grade English teacher would write quotes on the board from students who "said the stupidest t
I've been meaning to say this for a really long time, ok so I was in the 3rd grade. I used a stapler
In high school my English teacher berated a student in front of the whole class about her bad grades
My 8th grade history teacher told me in front of everyone that He thought I wasn’t smart enough to g
So backstory, I'm transgender and so all the teachers get a message at the beginning of the year tha
My 5th grade teacher wouldn't do anything about me being bullied and let the kids in class bully me 
My high school life was full of mean teachers, though most of them would just make fun of me for bei
At the beginning of our java programming class the professor told us if we needed help feel free to 
My art teacher didn’t teach us the techniques to draw glass, just put a glass vase in front of us, h
I lived in foster care and then kinship care with my paternal grandmother who was mentally ill and v
When I was 15, a teacher told me that my laugh was offensive. My self-esteem was already pretty low 
It was a cold rainy day in the winter of grade 5. During this season my school was in the early stag
In 7th grade my teacher pulled my chair out from under me because I was leaning forward so that only
My elementary school math and physics teacher hated me because she had some kind of unresolved issue
Grade 10, young Spanish teacher in her early-mid 20’s pulled aside the girlfriend I had been dating 
my 12 grade ap lit teacher yelled at me i  front of the class for having to miss her class the day p
A professor told me to go read elementary school Russian mathematics since I couldn't answer one of 
Year 4 teacher. I have ADHD diagnosed by multiple specialists, but at the time I wasn't yet diagnose
I was fat when I was younger and in England the PE teachers love to make you run in between javelins
I moved to a different country at age 12 didnt understand the language very well but as the time got
When I was in 1st grade I my teacher wouldn’t let me go to the bathroom and I ended peeing my pants.
My 6th grade teacher was in the halls when me and my friend were talking at a normal volume and she 
Nothing crazy, but harsh on the 10 year old psyche: In 4th-ish grade, my teacher would take our math
In my fifth year of primary school my teacher locked me and my best friend who had pretty bad select
When I was in kindergarten my teacher accused me of lying in front of the entire class. There had be
My Grade 2 teacher constantly made fun of me for being messy, my terrible handwriting and poor math 
My brothers 5th grade teacher told him, “ you’re either blind or retarded.” (This was a while ago, s
In fifth grade, we had a party with this huge spread of cookies and sweets and the like. We didn’t h
I had an AP teacher give me a 0 on an assignment I studied really hard for because she didn't believ
She took points off my perfect score for “going over my letters twice”. I had a chipped pencil.
I had a math teacher in middle school who hated how shy I was, and she would pick on me to give answ
They all ignored the obvious signs that I was being neglected.
College Senior here, was told last semester by my professor that me going to my uncle's funeral was 
Grade 8 - Social Studies: subject World War II - I asked if there were any German POW held in Canada
Had a substitute teacher in 8th grade, long term sub that filled in for my English teacher while she
My grade 1 French teacher would always make me sit in a corner facing it because I was so shy and af
Kind of ridiculous but my grade 9 Government teacher decided to go around the class naming what he t
This thread is so depressing, but not surprising at all. Teachers really need yearly reviews, and I'
My second grade teacher found out I didn’t have my mom’s phone number memorized, and she made me wri
My history teacher keeps calling me out in class and giving me a hard time because I’m one of the on
My 10th grade year we had a world history teacher that was an old bitch. She would lecture all class
Junior in high school: "come on LMMHHH, your sister would have gotten the answer by now."

A decade 
I was in the 3rd and final year of my advanced diploma in fine art. I was creating a body of 40 bust
I had to make up a test, and then the teacher loses it. 

She then gave me a 0 for the test. 
I have written a blog about how I was getting bullied because I found it hard to cope with it and no
8th grade math teacher told my whole class of like 12-13 year olds that we will all be dying under a
I had a science teacher tell me that the only job I’d ever get is (local drug store). I then proceed
Oh I could go on and on. Once a teacher started an exam early, I showed up at the time the exam was 
Well I remember my Science teacher in 7th grade making me cry on multiple occasions, including telli
Teach me how to avoid conflicts and work together. 
Brought up in front of the class by the teacher so she could laugh at me with the rest of the class
My 4th grade teacher was not the nicest lady in the world. Add to the fact that she had just gone th
I was taking a lower level mathematics class in high school because i had a really hard time with it
My friend lost marks on his essay for writing "Work Cited", instead of "Works Cited" when he had mor
8th grade, height of being self conscious. Geography. I tried to put a cap back on a pen and the cap
Got my first tattoo at 14.... yeah, I know... 

Was in gym class when the teacher noticed it (on my 
When I was in 12th grade I took honors English in first period. First period started at like 7am. An
I misspelled a professors name, and his response was something along the lines of “im not one to mak
When I was in high school, I was going through some bad shit. I went through some pretty bad abuse a
Didn't learn to read or write properly until I was 11/12 yrs old. I also struggled to speak as I cou
My fourth grade teacher told me Santa wasn’t real. She also hid my writing assignment and asked me w
Not to me, but in high school there was a History/Softball coach that would hit kids with a yard sti
1st week of my Ph.D. coursework, I volunteered to do the first seminar (i.e. in week 2) because I'd 
Was just sitting in class minding my own business one day. I mean i was probably doing something ann
I failed my English class senior year of high school. My teacher made me take an advanced English cl
I used to date the smartest girl in our math class back in middle school. One day I hear our teacher
When I was in grade 11 my social studies teacher was a complete idiot. She never did any actual teac
I went to a super conservative Christian high school. I was called into the girls dean's office almo
Had a third-wave feminist English professor who made us read nothing but pro-extreme feminism articl
Threatened to report me to the Dean for plagiarizing a paper and have me expelled from undergrad. Th
My professor told me I do not deserve to use my G.I. bill for my college education because I am Asia
I was very talkative in 5th grade, teacher didn’t like that  sometimes I talked when she was talking
When I was in ninth grade; I had an A in English, it was my favorite subject and I want to give myse
Corrected her spelling, she got triggered, took my book and pencil case, threw them out the window a
When I was in the 5th grade, the teacher said real loud what my history grade was and embarrass me i
This was all the way back in middle school. I had a crush on a boy and decided I wanted to 'ask him 
My second grade teacher once told me I would never amount to anything. Still seems like kind of a fu
It was art in 4th grade and I️ think it was cinco de Mayo. So our assignment was to draw something t
I was really bad at math in 5th grade. I no joke got F's on every test and barley passed quizzes. My
I was 7 years old and it was our schools Christmas party (the teachers organised it). We were playin
3rd grade spelling bee. There were two people left, me and this other boy DJ that was the favorite o
In third grade my teacher made me and other students who got an easy question wrong, stand up in fro
She stabbed me in the arm, I didn't understand why when I was 6yo nor do I get why now. 

Edit: I fa
High School English teacher was coordinating our school photos and was talking to my older sister an
I was sick and had a sick note from my doctor. Didn't go to school for a month. As a result I was la
5th grade teacher yelled at me and only me throughout the year. 

History teacher I think Junior yea
I’m a student and a soldier in the National Guard (helps pay for college). Had a prof who knew this 
5 year old me had drawn a picture that my teacher deemed worthy of being shown to the rest of our pr
I had a college instructor who made the announcement that we needed to sign up to be scheduled to pr
When I was in 5th grade, my dad was on remote to Korea for a year and it was rough on my mom with tw
I knew a professor that reported a student for plagiarism because he misspelled the citation. 
5th grade? Catholic school.  Drew a circle on the chalk board and made me stand there with my nose i
Welshman here, a few years ago I had a mock exam for my History GCSE. My teacher was calling people 
Gave my whole class a detention because we didn't do our homework correctly and wrote stupid stuff d
A teacher I had in grade 9 would purposely call out my name whenever anyone was talking in class. Ta
I believe I was in 3rd grade. I had some kind of homework assignment that I forgot to do, and we all
While my expierience was really unintentional and came from a good place it was absolutely mortifyin
My fourth grade teacher told me I would grow up up to be a pooper scooper, in front of the whole cla
It is disheartening to see the number of people who have struggled through horrible teachers and pro
I had been sexually assaulted by one of the guys in my year at school at a party on the weekend, the
I’m probably late to the party but I have one. My first grade teacher was horrible. I had a hard tim
This may get lost in the abundance of posts, but I wanted to share my story:

I am a straight-A stud
Told me I wouldn't get bullied so much if I stopped pretending to go dizzy all the time.

I have chr
Two stories.   


First one is 5th grade. All my childhood I had severe chronic migraines, and every
Equated my surname to a rickshaw puller, bully me in his class daily, would punish me like asking me
I had an insanely controlling college teacher who would only accept work that was printed from her p
Once in 9th grade we needed to do create talks about Nazi Germany. 
While I was giving the talk he s
Edged and teased me for a solid 30 minutes
Was sitting in my Irish class one day and the whole room went silent and I accidentally let rip a fa
We were doing a punnett square exercise in 8th grade and the teacher was like "do you have any sibli
One time a teacher told my friend he wouldn’t amount to anything 
[deleted]
Story time!, my year 6 teacher did this to another member of my class. 

So one boy was asked to go 
I had to miss an interview because a professor wouldn't let me take an exam on a different day. This
One time in third grade a substitute teacher punched me because I told him he was giving us work tha
Not me but a teacher/coach that used to work at my school had one of his 8th grade students not unde
Kindergarten. Art class. Told my teacher that I couldn’t concentrate because the people next to me w
This seems minor now, but when I was in 7th grade I had an extremely mean history teacher that would
Told me I was a giant waste of space because I couldn't pronounce a word in a foreign language. I ha
Blocked me from med school because he sat on the application review board.
1st grade, she made the kids suck on pacifiers. And once she slapped me, my parents raised hell, I w
My biology teacher took a whole point off my essay because i was being too carefull with his expensi
Middle school gym teacher made me run extra around the football field while it was cold as balls out
I guess people might see it as mean. One time a female teacher punched me in the side of my arm and 
My sophomore theology teacher told us that if any of us became doctors or nurses, she’d refuse medic
In first grade my homeroom teacher got pissed at me for talking or something so she slapped across t
I had a 3rd grade teacher lift me by the neck and chew me out about my attitude. Yes, I was being a 
An English teacher who was also the school counsellor new about that I was doing the last year of hi
It was back in middle school, from 1st to the 4th grade, when for some reason my teacher wanted to e
In fourth grade, my teacher always sent home a weekly review of our behavior/performance on Fridays.
She was ex army, spent my entire 7th grade year in math struggling because every time I’d ask some t
I forgot what exactly happened but it was a substitute teacher we had in 3rd or 2nd grade. Meanest t
My p1 teacher made me stand in the dust bin and wear a dunce hat lol this was 1991.  She's still an 
In seventh grade we used to have a 15 minute Accelerated Reader time where we all found bean bag cha
In a counseling class, I was fairly quiet but did well on all my papers so I thought it wasn’t a pro
Had this middle school math teacher who always called everyone "garbage"
In 4th grade we did a project where we traced each other on giant sheets of paper. I think it was so
Had to re-do a year because I had to many bad grades but he never told me I had re-do until the last
I was always a teacher’s pet, so this isn’t that mean. My 3rd grade teacher was convinced I had ADHD
Ask me out to dinner... 😬
Called me ugly many times in front of everyone. Kids repeated it. Great times....
in 10th grade at boarding school, overslept and woke up to my whole English class in my dorm room. S
When I was in 10th grade, a substitute teacher walked up to me, put her hand on my stomach, and said
Not near as bad as some here.

&#x200B;

But I was a very punctual student, was very rare I was ever
I was a senior in High School. I was talking to my advisor about my transcripts and my applications 
My high school biology teacher made fun of my haircut, got the class to laugh at me, then sent me to
I was ill for 2 months during 7th grade. First day back, still not completely healthy, but also didn
Not exactly a specific teacher, more like the school as a whole. The first real school I ever went t
Existed



A teacher that I grew close to through a hard part of my life (discovering my sexuality, dad was in 
4th grade math teacher asked me a question, I told her I didn't know the answer, she looked me in th
I was baffled at why I got a low grade on an assignment. I say, to my teacher, something to the effe
Had a teacher have the guidance counselor call me to the office one day in seventh grade to talk to 
Just went to a counselling session before having to meet with the prof about my grades. She was a ps
Back in the day I was insecure about my weight and my teacher called me "fat" because I was leaning 
I once had this shitty teacher who kept insisting that "pressure is a privilege". He would constantl
Threw away my school work, or would let other students steal it, and then said I never did it. I got
8th grade. I was in art class, and the teacher ordered us to make something original. It didn't matt
In a college calculus class, we had smaller once a week session taught by graduate students where we
Clean their place. 
Honestly, cut out or seriously cut back on alcohol. You save money, lose weight, look younger, find 
exercise
Purchase a long phone charger cable
Brush their teeth.
Replace your pillow, mattress, and shoes. Instant improvement and also long term health improvements
Live your life and stop comparing yourself to others. 
Drink Water.
Don't get angry over the little things. Get angry over the wrong things
Pick up rubbish. It's amazing how a feeling of doing good to society can help your mental health. 
Deleting Facebook.
Go to bed on time.
get off of social media’s like instagram
LAUGH 
Be kind to others 
Super basic: Drink enough water and get enough sleep
hang a spoon from their nose
Take an hour a day and just sit.

Sit in a coffee shop.

Sit on a bus.

Just sit and experience what
[deleted]
Have it sink in that agency is a very select and rare thing, and many things that LOOK like agents c
Read
No social media an hour before bed. It usually takes me an hour or two to actually fall asleep. I fe
Look up the meaning of the Japanese term “Shoganai” its a way of looking at the world meaning “it ca
Compliment at least one person every day. 
Go for a workout. Run, hike, snowboard, work out at the gym, whatever. That after workout high is aw
I would say just spend some time outdoors. Whenever you feel bad, go for a walk for an hour and see 
Put down their phone
Sit up straight. Right now. Unkink that spine!
Watch Cory in the House
Get a full nights sleep/ go to bed on time
Walk more
Either meditate or medicate. Maybe both. 
Breathe. Deep, mindful breaths. It's the most basic action but if you really focus and anchor yourse
Cut out processed sugar
Stop drinking. 
Stop drinking soda. 
Learn how to cook basic meals 
Know that improving your life doesn't have a fast fix.
Turn negatives into positives. Find little things to be grateful for. 
Call Mom and dad
Drink some holy water
Take a shower or bath. Brushing your teeth. 
Go hiking 
Start a day by writing down what you want to accomplish by the end of the day. Make it realistic as 
Bit late to the party but I'd say switch off your work emails at a set time in the evening after wor
Make your bed.

It starts your day with good discipline and even if you get nothing else accomplishe
The only three rules I gave my daughters as they grew up:

1 - Always say hello.

2 - Never say anyt
Smoke crack. 
Create a niche website 
Exercise
Develop a consistent morning routine.
Meditate daily
I don’t usually go out a lot. But I went out with some friends tonight that I haven’t seen in months
Dance like no one is watching. 
Stop doing social media.
20 minutes of deep breathing and meditation.
Cut toxic people out of their life. Create and stick to a budget.
Take  ten to twenty minutes out of your day to meditate. It will change your life
Stop watching porn and/or masturbating - go out and enjoy life instead.
Can’t believe I haven’t seen exercise yet. Exercise! 
I fail at this constantly, but its huge when I get it right:

**Get up when your alarm goes off.**  
Wear sunscreen.
Ignore idiots. 
Make your bed. drink more water. get up as soon as the alarm goes off. 
Start a gratitude journal. Every day (or every few days), write down something you are grateful for 
Not go to bed before ceaning your home.  Not like military standards.  Wash your dishes, put away la
Buy a dildo
Stop calling themselves "simple".
Delete reddit 
Stop believing in God.
Go and get your feet measured and buy a good, properly fitting pair of shoes/boots. I've worn everyw
Start boofing
Spend time offline learning a musical instrument-of-choice by taking lessons and practicing daily.


Start making your bed every morning when you get up!
Drink water. Not kidding 
Try to get at least 8 hours of sleep a night with a regular sleep schedule. 
That time of the week is it
search for the 100 other posts that asked this question....
Always try and see something in a positive light and bring solutions instead of problems. Two things
Smile.
Stop doing heroine.
Workout. Even a five minute routine per day 
Think about one thing.  You are 100% in control over what value you give to something.

This is a st
it's really hard, but really simple....eliminate all junk food.  eat only lean meats, fish, nuts, wh
beat the meat
Floss
Lift weights.

I try not be a gym-bore, but honestly the overall improvement to my quality of life w
Repost this question. 
Stop spending hours on Reddit 
Look up and admire the sky for a few moments occasionally. It breaks normal routine.
I strongly suggest the 2 minutes rule. 

This rule implies if you notice a task that will take less 
Sleep
Cut out refined sugar. 
take 1000mg of fuckitol daily
Look at memes under the covers in your own dank room, and get out of your room only when nature call
Drink alkaline water
Dye their hair
If you have the money for it, go get tested for as many major vitamins and minerals as you can. Simp
*The Mummy* has a mediocre 58% Rotten rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Maybe it's not *Raiders of the Lost
Clue (1985) has a 59% on rotten tomatoes (with only 27 reviews), that still gives it a rotten score 
The Iron Giant did very poorly in its theatrical release.  It's considered a classic now, and rightl
Dirty Work
Titan A.E and Treasure Planet.

I’ve loved these two movies, but they’ve never gained the respect th
When I was younger, I thought that TRON: Legacy was the coolest thing. I recently rewatched it and I
Equilibrium. A meditation on Plato’s Republic in the guise of an action movie. Sean Bean & Christian
The Man Fron UNCLE. There was almost no marketing for it, so it wasnt widely seen. It's one of my fa
I was around 11/12 when Starship Troopers and Independence Day released. I still enjoy them despite 
13th Warrior
Young Sherlock Holmes. Really well done, some groundbreaking special effects, just didn't make a lot
The replacements with keanu reeves. One of those genuinely good bad movies, and soooooo quotable 
The Cable Guy
I think it's easier to find good movies that bombed than ones that critics hated. Like 'Bladerunner:
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty. It's a great film to watch when you're feeling down or unmotivated.
Death to Smoochy. Is it genuinely good movie? That's open to interpretation, but I loved it
I have two: 
Joe Dirt (11% on Rotten Tomatoes)

Priest (15%) I will admit the acting in priest is pr
Tron Legacy
The Fifth Element was sick. A lot of people seem to find it as a hit or miss though.
For me it’s Hansel and Greek witch hunters. Scored like 23 on metacritic but is genuinely pretty goo
Dark City - it explores a lot of the same concepts as The Matrix and does a far more intelligent job
Boondock Saints. It's despised by critics but considered a cult classic by many.

It has a 23% score
Hudson Hawk. I love that movie for reasons I’ll never understand.
The Big Lebowski was an absolute bomb that was praised decades later by most of the dumbass critics 
Cat in the Hat with mike myers. has a 9% on rotten tomatoes. actually fucking love that movie. its s
Waterworld
Pitch black.
Constantine.
Space Jam.
Cradle 2 the Grave.
Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters.

Thor 1. One of the early marvel movies and is super underwhelming compared to the rest of the MCU bu
As I recall, Death Proof was not recieved well. I love it and think it's one of Tarantinos best.
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1972591/

It is a Guy Ritchie, English
John Carter, but what do the critics know?
I thought The Village was really well done. I don’t know what the critical response to it was, but e
Troy. 
I freaking loved *The Last Stand (2013)* staring Arnold.  Basic badass action movie.  
The Rocker starring Rainn Wilson (Dwight from The Office) and a young Emma Stone
Clue. Saw it on VHS years back and it became one of my top favorite movies ever. I was surprised to 
Grandma's Boy
Scott Pilgrim vs The World.

Possibly one of the coolest films I’ve ever seen, and it flopped hard a
Pop star: never stop popping. That one Andy Sandburg movie. It was actually really good with plenty 
Iron Man 2. 

Most considered it a weak Marvel title, bit it's actually my favourite of the three ir
Tron Legacy
The Fifth Element was so misunderstood at the time. Now it's a cult classic. 
The 13th Warrior.  Damn fun movie!
I absolutely loved Suckerpunch but it always seems like I’m the only one. 
The amazing spiderman, I'm a massive spiderman geek (bought a ps4 just to play the game) and I've en
Pain & Gain and hot rod. 
The Butterfly Effect 
Big Daddy
Solo
The Cable Guy bombed at the box office I think. I remember my friend and I being the only two people
JUMPER
Bright. 
Jupiter Ascending. my dad and i are the only people in the world who like it. and we love it. 
Fight Club was panned by critics and has a huge cult following now.
IMDB's number 1 movie of all time was a box office dud, The Shawshank Redemption.
Speed Racer 
Not Another Teen Movie is a perfect film.....says only me for some perplexing reason.
It didn't bomb but hasn't done as well as hoped and seems to have stopped the new obi-wan movie, but
Kung Pow: Enter the Fist

It’s obviously not a “good movie” since the whole thing is a parody... But
The Iron Giant
The Hudsucker Proxy: my favorite Coen Brothers movie.  Boy, did it bomb.  It's a perfect send-up and
Need a laugh? fuckin Strange Wilderness. 

&#x200B;

thank me later. 
The life aquatic with Steve Zissou


Yes it isn’t your average Anderson film - but its funny as hell
Vanilla Sky. Most people I know hated it. 41% on RT. But I still love the concept. 
50 first dates. Always brings tears of joy to my eyes and so many inside jokes with my family. 
Sin City. I thought that movie was awesome, but apparently critics thought it was corny. 
The fountain
Home Alone
The man from Earth
Treasure Planet was set up to fail before it was even released. Idiocracy is a classic. The Secret L
Speed Racer. I don’t know about genuinely good, but I enjoyed it. 
Call me crazy, but Green Lantern.


Probably because Green Lantern is probably my favorite hero ever
UHF by Weird Al. 
One of my all time favorites. It certainly wasn’t a masterpiece but the comedy nev
The Big Lenowski. Was considered a bomb, especially after the Cohen's earlier film Fargo which had m
Vanilla Sky (with Tom Cruise), it has a 41% on Rotten Tomatoes. I don't think it did too well at the
[deleted]
Mother!

It was an arthouse type film that got mainstream attention because of Jennifer Lawrence
Showgirls.

*”It doesn’t suck.”*

Everyone else hates it with a burning passion but I find it good. 
People lump Man Of Steel with BvS and Justice League as being pure garbage. It was actually a decent
The Money Pit! Classic 
I would say King Arthur 
The power rangers remake that came out pretty recently. I thought it was actually pretty dope but th
Sucker Punch.

What a fantastic movie. The visuals and the soundtrack are just amazing. The story co
I still might totally be wrong about this, but I think I liked *Mother!*

Seemed like Darren Arronof
Lone Ranger 
I’ll forever love Disney’s Atlantis 1 and 2 as well as Treasure Planet. With the latter, I only ever
Snakes on a plane.

The cinematography and script are both game-changers of their generation. The ac
Newsies! I have no idea how it bombed.
Die Another Day. I don't care what you say, it is a good film, shut up...
Mortal engines. Loved the big ass structures and I found everything else to be fine in my opinion.

I enjoyed Oblivion, and it had a pretty dope soundtrack. Only 52% critic rating on rotten tomatoes..
Kung pow
The sasquatch gang.
Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2.  Hilarious and I’ve loved it all my life but it literally has a 0% on 
John Carter.
The Road to El Dorado. I freaking love that movie and I can't believe it didn't do well in theaters.
That's My Boy.  Apparently it was pretty widely hated but I laugh my ass off  every time I watch it 
No one seems to like Green Hornet, but i feel its a lot better than most DC films, at least a whole 
For me it has to be Venom. Before it came out my friends and I were going to watch the movie but the
Don't Blink. 

I caught in on Comcast when it first came out, before it really got a bunch of review
Freddy Got Fingered
Cloud Atlas.  It did OK with critics but no one saw it.  It seems like a slam dunk to me -- Tom Hank
Adam Sandler movies ! I love watching em when I’m bored and have nothing to do 
PS I Love You
Sucker Punch...everytime some says its trash I certain they went for popcorn or bathroom breaks duri
The A Team. Great casting for each character. Great stunts. Decent story. Just didn't hit the spot l
Scott Pilgrim vs the World crashed at the box office but is beloved 
Synecdoche, New York. 
The live action cat in the hat, it was a gold mine of memes

Solo
John carter of mars.

Desperately hoped for a sequel.
Valerian
Only found out recently that Treasure Planet did badly and wasn't really well liked. I was like wtf 
Warcraft. I'd like to see more but I'm not getting my hopes up.
John Carter
Cowboys and Aliens.
Nacho Libre, was shitted on when it hit the box office. Always come back to it knowing so many funny
Long Kiss Goodnight - Geena Davis and Samuel L Jackson in a spy movie
Popstar! Did terrible in theaters but is one of the funniest movies of the last 5 years 
[George of the Jungle](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119190/)

How is that a 5.5, iMDB..? 
Can’t believe no one has said this, but Rocky Horror Picture Show. Tim Curry is outstanding, the mus
V for Vendetta - intelligent, nice atmosphere, very realistic in its theme, yet people seem to hate 
The nice guys, just one of the wittiest and funniest movies i've seen
Wet Hot American Summer. 
Office space didnt do well at the box office but us now a cult classic and truly and amazing movie!
Event Horizon bombed and was widely panned upon its release. I fucking love that movie.  
Click. 😢
Scott Pilgrim. 
The Nutty Professor (1996).  It did get a lot of flak because it was a little crude, and Jerry Lewis
Ed Wood didn't do well financially. It only got 5 million at the box office on an 18 million budget,
The Happening.
The Dark Tower
Blade Runner 2049.  I heard a TON of critics shit all over the film, saying it was too slow, too lon
American ultra, Max landis is an awesome screenwriter
I liked Batman Vs. Superman. It wasn’t perfect but I think it gets too much hate. I liked Suicide Sq
The strangers prey at night. It was like an 80s horror movie throwback.
Mirror Mirror - i loved the humor, and the look of the whole film.  no one else seemed to though...
Waterworld
The Postman
Super Mario Bros. I remember it was released on my birthday that year and I was stoked to see it. I 
Grease 2
Unfriended: The Dark Web. It had like a 12% on RT but it was actually a decent horror/suspense flick
Tommy boy and grandmas boy. I find them both hilarious. 
I wouldn’t call it genuinely good, but I unironically love Cutthroat Island.

The movie was, at the 
Wanderlust. Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston had really good chemistry and were very charming. It was 
The Phantom. Like a serial action movie from the 30s, but in color. Light and fun.
Scott Pilgrim Vs The World didn’t do too well but it’s still one of my favorites.
The Man From UNCLE movie. Absolutely adored the movie, and very sad it will never get a sequel. 
Blockers.

The ads made it look terrible but it was the funniest movie I've seen in years. I absolut
Soul Plane is great. No one can change my mind 
Blade runner 2049
Maid in Manhattan is an amazing look at the strength of love between two people when fate wants it t
Equilibrium starring Christian Bale. Fairly cliched plot. Passable acting. Visually amazing 
Fury, don’t think it did badly critics wise but I never hear anything about it, just a bunch of tank
Not really a box office release, but I genuinely liked the Death Note movie Netflix put out.  I went
Alien Vs Predator


I’m serious. It didn’t bomb financially but it has 20% on Rotten Tomatoes and it
I walked by her every morning in my biker tights until she asked me out
Dating site. I have trouble opening up in person so talking online let me be super honest.  I'm not 
Dating app. Hell I wasn't even using it, my friend was sick of me ignoring it so took my few past me
If you're a woman, take Electrical Engineering in University. Be surrounded by dudes, pick one, marr
At a super bowl party. Introvert doesn’t mean you’re completely socially inept, it doesn’t even mean
Got incredibly lucky and met an extroverted girl who took an interest in me and made the first move.
My plan is to find my soulmate by volunteering at a museum. Our love of history will bring us togeth
Just got my first girlfriend recently at 21, never done anything with a girl before and was really s
Very simply; being an introvert does not make you shy or socially awkward. Being an introvert simply
I has been a waitress at a restaurant he arrived to. He questioned to borrow my pen, I told him " on
Online

Now we happily introvert together. We've both been dorking around on the internet for hours 
At a thanksgiving dinner when I met her with some friends, turned out she lived at the same place I 
Here for the comments :(
A couple friends invited us to a bar, we bought pitchers and all our friends left us so we were stuc
Not me personally and I can’t say it’ll work all the time, but my best friend met his girlfriend onl
I didn't.
By becoming totally platonic friends with her, then confessing that had romantic feelings for her, n
- 1.) Train neural network on women i like
- 2.) Let it loose on plenty of fish and okcupid
- 3.) Pr
I ordered her online, she's a plastic doll whose name is lola. She is my soulmate. 
I was told about my friend’s girlfriend’s friend who wanted to go to prom but couldn’t because she g
We both tried to kill ourselves and met in the hospital during our mandatory stay. I lost his number
In secondary school

I was always lookin at this one girl non stop until she would look back at me


My girlfriend is an introvert as well, found out she liked playing video games and invited her to pl
Basically my girlfriend just started hanging out at my house. No joke.

We lived in a commune house 
Haven't yet, and I'm assuming at this point that it'll never happen.
He was the maintenance man at my apartment complex. It was definitely love at first sight.

I got hi
I just kept hitting on every girl that seemed potentially interested.  One finally said yes.
We met through a mutual best friend.

We're both from a small town but for some reason we've never c
Well, we are actually both introverts, but he did all of the first steps.

I joined a dating site fo
Being introverted doesn't mean I'm shy or suffer from social anxiety, it just means it's very draini
She was hiding under a coffee table in the corner of the room. I went and joined her.  Been together
As someone else mentioned introvert is not the same as shy, simplified it means you don’t enjoy or h
Very low standards for making the first move. I just say 'I like your shirt/jacket/hairstyle/whateve
I moved in with a guy as just roommates. We're married now with two kids. I cheated and never left t
Met at my best friend’s small birthday party.  He added me on snapchat saying he wanted to “make mor
I was dragged to a party by a friend. While there I saw a guy from school. He waves at me so I wave 
On reddit! 

I was new to a subreddit that was fairly small but growing. I contributed a photo, whic
Drink enough booze and become of the life of the party for enough years until the woman you date rea
Bumble. Or having my extrovert friends adopting me and forcing me out. It's a love hate relationship
The internet. I met my wife as a result of posting about my motorcycle on Tumblr 😂
there's a difference between being an introvert and a loner
All too often, the folks calling themselves "introverts" are really just socially awkward or asocial
On an early 2000s internet chat room
I got a girlfriend by being brave and approaching someone. I got a boy by reproducing with her.
Met my SO through discord. 
Internet dating for the win.

OKCupid specifically.

A lot easier on first introductions via texting
Internet.
I met someone who never reads the OP and rambles on about their own fucking topic and ignores the or
We were acquaintances for a couple of years before we began spending a bit more quality time togethe
I'm an ambivert. The right in between of int and ex. But I fall more toward introvert. I recognized 
I haven't yet.
But then again I'm only 17 almost 18 so fingers crossed
I am 80% of the time an introvert. I had a nasty break up a couple of months back, and my current gi
“Hey, does this smell like chloroform?”
I actually found my girlfriend playing an MMO. Being able to talk online was always easier for both 
I had never had a girlfriend untill last year when I was 21. My best friends gf had a friend named a
Urban Exploring.

I met my current while I was going into an abandoned building, and he was coming o
Just because I’m introverted doesn’t mean I can’t speak to women.
Some duct tape, an unmarked van, and a large stick. 
Met doing theater in college. People think introverts don’t do outgoing things. We actually enjoy th
Boyfriend and I are both introverts, and at the time he was much shyer than me (we've both gotten le
It wouldn’t matter if I wasn’t an introvert. I can’t get a girlfriend because I’m unattractive
Excuse me, get a what now?
Tinder
I didn't
I didn’t 
we were both super horny 
I would get shitfaced
Tbh I don’t know how
I like a guy and I think he likes me, but we're both too socially awkward and bad at people skills t
I am not an introvert but my husband is.  We were childhood friends and he found me on MySpace.  We 
She was and is my best friend. We hung out every week, I always liked her, but she said she'd never 
She basically adopted me.
I asked him if he wanted to come over and play Mario Kart and drink beer. We’ve been together a year
You walk up to your preferred human and say "Hey, I'm (name). I think you're (choice word for attrac
Literally *everyone* of my relationships both current and past involved me getting wasted. There's a
Not sure how this works in the digital age as this took place last century.  I knew a casual friend 
I was at a friend's Halloween party testing out a cosplay I'd just finished. I was pretty popular th
A what?
I didn't
Girl and I shared classes. I barely spoke to her (shy af) and so she did most of the work. She went 
I didn't
A what?
By being introverted instead of having social anxiety.
Just being true to the person can really help you out. No matter how introvert you are but you need 
HAHAHAHAHAHA FUNNY
My friends dragged me to a frat party Junior year of college. I saw her talking with some of her fri
My friend made a discord and added his mutual friend that I didn't know. They roasted half the peopl
I'm really good at pretending to be an extrovert 
We met at a hostel I was working at. I was reception staff, and guests frequently bombard me with qu
We had 2 classes together back to back, my senior and his junior year of high school. In German clas
Whisper app. He made a post, I responded, got to chatting a day later, met a couple days after that,
Online. 

The rule of online dating is almost like the three strike rule.

First girlfriend you make
I met my fiance when I went to his friends house on a Friday night. He day drank that afternoon and 
I met my wife online, we just celebrated 5 years yesterday. I always felt much less nervous dating o
I didn’t.
She was extroverted, very extroverted 
Went to a party and a cute extroverted girl ended up sitting next to me on the couch. Started talkin
I dunno.. My extrovert wife invaded me so hard that i got married
Alcohol. 
we didn't
Came by looking for a lost dog and I wasn’t wearing a bra.
I'm on a lifelong journey to find a gamer girlfriend
Being good looking helps. 
I'll have you know I purchased this boy legally
Met my husband in high school, senior year, when I was more "normal". Lol. More social, more fun. I'
My partner and I are both introverts. We met at work. Apparently, it took two years of us doing scie
Cozy up to a girl I am interested in as friends and then subtly drop hints and slowly become more ph
1. Demonstrate value 
2. Engage physically 
3. Nurture dependence 
4. Neglect emotionally 
5. Inspir
I didn’t 
I didn’t 
you don't.
I didn't
I didn’t 
Rule number 1. No seriously. Apparently “You’re too hot to die alone,” is a hell of a pickup line to
[deleted]
on the day that I do go out
Online dating
My friend helped me during my last year of school get closer to someone I liked.
He only lives like 2 streets over but I never knew of him until someone I barely knew invited him in
We met in a class we shared at school. Stayed in touch online. Started dating out of mostly loneline
World of Warcraft
The darkweb.
Asked her out.
Was introduced through a friend.
On a text based Harry Potter mmorpg. 


We met on Overwatch
Met at work
I didn't
I haven't. 
I was in the lunchroom by myself in a corner at work. I looked up 5 times in a row, each time she wa
Sophomore year of high school, a new boy moved into our small town and joined the band program. We c
She added me on Facebook. Her timing was good because i had known of her for a while but when she ad
She messaged me first on MySpace. Then I met her at her locker at school. Started dating. Been toget
Still single. I'll get back to you on that. 
Still waiting in the corner
My boyfriend is super social but pretty introverted when it comes to dating and I can't flirt to sav
They did the work
Facebook messenger
 I wouldn’t call myself an introvert. I’m not shy, I don’t dislike social interactions or spending t
He came up to me because I was sitting alone during a party. We ended up talking the entire night an
She's my ex now.
We met in college. I came late to class one day and the seat next to her was the on
While I struggle talking *with* people (especially trying to carry on a conversation with more than 
We asked each other out at the same time, which was awkward and funny... Married a year later, 19 ye
I started volunteering at a local sex-positive org, which I realize sounds like a big damn leap. The
I'm an introvert who generally pretends not to be one: bright, sunny, overtly friendly personality. 
You don't.
I'm just happiest when I'm alone, I'm not scared of socialising, I just find it exhausting as fuck f
through world of warcraft actually. friend of a friend introduced us when we were in the famous gold
2 years of courtship and sweeping me off my feet
I didn’t, now I’m an introvert of reddit
I'm an introvert and also very shy (they're not intrinsically linked, but in my experience, introver
I express romantic/sexual intentions pretty much from the very beginning and treat them like normal 
Not exactly an introvert, just don't like talking much. mutual friend, then bonded through halo3 and
He found me while I was drunk. Then we took E, spits everything out and now happily living together 
Learned to play guitar, joined a band. It does work.
I found another introvert!
Got her hooked on me in 6th grade. 
Mutual acquaintance who told him that I happened to be into something he also was into.
I am a relatively attractive female, so people just come to me and if one of them "sticks," so to sp
I was the only one in our group of friends that treated her like a person and talked to her. We wres
Online dating. Okcupid’s survey questions address introversion and can help match you with similar p
A gun
Bumped into each-other at Uni. I think it was luck that we bumped into each-other. In the past I hav
Not me but my gf is introverted.

I had known her for years through highschool only online through t
He forced himself to be bold. He did a favor for me and then used it as an opportunity to get to kno
Home Alone 
Harry Potter

A bunch of adults saying theyre 11
Rugrats 
Disney Channel tv shows
Dawsons Cree..
Never mind.
Goonies
I've been lobbying for this for the longest time. I don't think kids she be allowed to act and that 
Honey,  I Shrunk the Kids. 
Movies that have "teens in highschool" wouldn't change tbh.
Bugsy Malone.
The Office.
The Little Rascals 
Kindergarten Cop
High School Musical. A bunch of 40-something’s running around the halls in tight shorts with beer be
I would expect a large wave of famous midgets
Baby 's day out starring Morgan Freeman in diapers. 
Big. 
Full House or Home Improvement
Basically every commercial for toys ever made 
I think every scene with a pedofile will be really wierd
Baby geniuses, because that would actually make it somewhat entertaining and an actually decent movi
Big Daddy
This was done for Blue Remembered Hills ...very much worth a watch, UK tv play with adults playing c
This question has a very Wet Hot American Summer vibe
Boy Meets World, the original tv show.
Cheaper by the dozen could’ve gotten interesting a house with 12 adults pretending to be kids...not 
Baby Geniuses 
Three Men And A Baby.
Billy madison
Bugsy Malone
Grease.

Wouldn’t it be funny if the character playing 17-year-old Rizzo was actually 34
Baby genius
Baby genius 
Baby Geniuses 
Baby food and diaper commercials.
I have a feeling Kevin Hart would end up in 90% of movies 
Boss baby
Mr blue sky

Makes me happy every time I hear it 
Country roads, take me home. 
Me and your mama by Childish Gambino
Bohemian Rhapsody

I just can't stop. If I'm not listening to it, I'm probably singing it.
Mac Miller- Self Care
Whatever goddammed earworm is playing in my head for no good reason. 
Walk by Pantera
Boots of Spanish leather by Amos Lee it's a cover played in Sons of Anarchy. My Father is getting ti
John Mayer - New Light
Imagine Dragons *Zero* from Ralph Breaks the Internet.  Not because I want to, but because my kids w
Fucking baby shark as soon as I forget about it someone else starts singing it as a joke or my frien
Cazzette - Static

It's hard to explain why, but I listened to it so much last year that I think Spo
Rewrite The Stars, sung by Zac Effron and Zendaya.

It's very appropriate for a few reasons for what
Rhythm of my Heart - Rod Stewart 
Africa by Toto
I'm gonna pop some tags...got $20 in my pocket.....
Depends on the days... right now, "Stay" by Rihanna. oddly, I never like it when it came out.
SpongeBob SquarePants and fairly oddparents themes
Chlorine-21 Pilots
The train kept A-Rollin' by The Johnny Burnette Trio.
Warriors - Imagine Dragons
Jimmy Wopo - Elm Street
Teenie Weenie by Brojob. I just find it hilarious.
Woman - John Lennon
Milky Chance - Firebird
The day I died was the best day of my life-Just Jack
New Perspective - Panic! at the Disco
Never Gonna Give You Up... involuntarily.
Channel - Frank Ocean
21savage and Jcole - Alot
[This](https://youtu.be/gVEdQJ7qtJw)
Ljay Currie - Movin On Up
Exactly where I’m at- WEEN
The Dream Synopsis by The Last Shadow Puppets.
Home - Resonance
Thong song
Talking Heads - This Must Be The Place 
Every Night Every by Patrick Sweany.

Magnificent example of modern blues 
Panic room club mix 
Even if she falls - Blink 182
Come And Get Your Love - Redbone 

Edit: accompanied by a mental picture of the intro scene from Gua
HIT OR MISS
Jesus christ people here mostly have shit taste in music
Anything by Death
Surrounded By Heads And Bodies - The 1975

I know the title sounds strange but it is so mesmerizing 
Whenever Run the Jewels - Ticketron comes on, I know imma be hitting that back button a couple times
Right now it’s a song called Johnny Thunders fantasy space camp from Shilpa Rey
Victorious by P!ATD. I'm not really much of a Panic! fan but it's just so catchy.
Speak by Jake Bardin

OutRight by Wild Party

and the Planet Coaster Soundtrack
[This classic](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 
Walk Alone - Rudimental ft Tom Walker
Earth wind and fire - September
[We All Lift Together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPTCq3LiZSE) from the game Warframe.  
[The h
Kraftwerk’s *Das Model*. It’s perfection, *korrekt!*
It's a long way to the top.
Hopeless Romantic - Swae Lee & Wiz Khalifa. Keep it on repeat!
Hope - XXXTENTACION

freaky friday by. lil dicky
Can't stop
The Killers - Mr Brightside 
Caravan - by John Wasson.
Best drum solo I've ever heard. 
Hurricane by band of heathens 
Freaking nuketown
Easy - Son Lux 
Must've listened to it every day for like half a year :)
Sentient Oona by Thee Oh Sees

The whole album it's on kicks ass, but that's my favorite.
Right now - let the storm descend upon you by Avantasia
The Baddest - Froggy Fresh
Re stacks by BonIver. 
2018 ft.Benjazzy and Vingo
Almost every Epic Rap Battle of History
We Didn't Start the Fire by Billy Joel
Circle in the sand, round and round...
Probably either YouSeeBIGGIRL/T:T by Hiroyuki Sawano or Lone Digger by Caravan Palace
I want it that way
This fire burns-killswitch engage
Estranged - GnR

I wouldn’t necessarily say I can’t stop listening to it, it’s just that I never ski
Penis Exorcism by Anal Bleeding.
Stairway to Heaven 
I Will Survive - Gloria Gaynor
Charlie's [Song for 'Merica](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQd7g565e2I)
[Deep Purple - Space Truckin'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHOrpFeXUao)
Aov and heretic anthem by slipknot
Sandstorm by darude. 
QUEEN by Janelle Monae
**Mercy** by Duffy, just because.
Right now it is Stuck In The Middle With You by Stealers Wheel. Not at all due to a movie I have wat
Ocean man

Take me by the hand

Lead me to the land

That you understand
Anything by the 1975 or pale waves 
Dj Bad Boy-Friday Night 
(Only on YouTube)
Should be known by all. A true masterpiece.
You can eat anything you want, without anyone's permission
All food in the fridge is mine! 
No one can tell me to take a shower when I dont want to.
Looking back and realizing all the things your parents did to help you be the person you are today. 
I dunno yet
Doing whatever I want when I want. That is until life comes by to fuck me
Nobody knows what they are doing.


New experiences you encounter 
Retirement 
You get to own your own tub.
The friendships, and the 'I don't need to worry about this I'm still young' attitude
Not having to ask your parents permission before going out
Being able to buy booze is pretty great. It’s not so much wanting to always drink, just not having a
Understanding what matters and what doesn't - moving ahead with your life without so much concern ov
Being able to buy all the toys your parents wouldn’t buy you as a kid.
You learn or experience new things everyday and years of those ends with you being a different perso
You feel more in control of yourself
Getting closer to death
No one comes in my room, opens the blinds, and tells me to get up and start my chores! 
ITT people confusing growing up with living alone. Eg. I can take a shower at 3am without waking any
You only have to answer to someone roughly 40 hrs per week. Anyone you have to answer to is a direct
seeing your dreams come true
Trying out trends and a personal style without someone hovering over you and telling you that you lo
Getting high and watchin planet earth 2 without worrying about getting caught 
Being in full control of my nap schedule 
You can buy whatever you want without being scolded by anyone!
No responsibility. And the ability to wash some Cheetos down with mountain dew and feel nothing. Als
Nothing. Growing up sucks
r/onejob and r/therewasanattempt
r/funny and r/comedycemetery
r/interestingasfuck, r/damnthatsinteresting, r/mildlyinteresting 
r/gaming and r/gamingcirclejerk
r/selfsuck and r/autofellatio are both fairly low-traffic subs about a niche interest. I can't tell 
r/confession r/confessions
/r/seattle and /r/seattlewa

lol
r/meirl and r/me_irl
Nowadays, /r/nottheonion and /r/theonion.
r/JUSTNOFAMILY, r/JUSTNOMIL,  r/raisedbynarcissists.  
r/sequelmemes and r/poorlifechoices
r/Badfaketexts and r/GoodFakeTexts...
r/iamatotalpieceofshit and r/fuckthesepeople
r/dankmemes is scarily close to r/memes at times. I don’t sub to r/memes but it’s not too uncommon f
r/taylorswiftarmpit and r/taylorswiftsarmpit
r/holdmyfeedingtube, /r/watchpeoplealmostdie, /r/Whatcouldgowrong and /r/nononono. There are minor d
r/Apple and r/iPhone, though the latter is a bit more meme-y now that I think of it 
You could merge probably 100 or more subreddits into r/Disney
  
At this point, r/StupidFood and r/WeWantPlates.
r/childfree and r/parenting seem to both just talk about how to parent.
R/Politics and R/esist and R/The_Mueller
r/CornGuy & r/ExpectedOuija 
r/prequelmemes and r/thanosdidnothingwrong
r/garlicbreadmemes  and 
r/breadstapledtotrees
r/dontdeadopeninside, r/nosafetysmokingfirst, and r/youdontmattergiveup
r/confession & r/confessions


r/woosh and r/woooosh
r/knives and r/knifeclub
r/relationships and r/relationship_advice
r/sanfrancisco and r/bayarea
r/hopeithurt, r/whatcouldgowrong, and r/winstupidprizes should join forces.
r/findasub and r/findareddit

r/mildlyinfuriating and r/mildyinfuriating (I think they should merge 
r/dogelore and r/okbuddyretard
r/comedycemetary and r/comedyheaven so maybe r/comedypurgatory?
r/booksuggestions and r/suggestmeabook 
r/bossfight and r/cursedimages
r/dontdeadopeninside and r/nosafetysmokingfirst. Almost exactly the same thing
r/pics and r/mildlyinteresting 
From what I gather, t_d, conspiracy and conservative. Is it true that posting conspiracy theories ag
r/politics and r/democrats
r/worldbuilding r/magicbuilding r/WorldBuildingPolitics
r/funny and r/ComedyCemetery, fight me 
r/iamatotalpieceofshit and r/fuckthesepeople
/r/ireland and /r/uknews
r/hearthstonecirclejerk and r/hearthstone
r/thanosdidnothingwrong and r/intothesoulstone
Askreddit and monkeyspaw, as their both about fundin9 loopholes to the op.
r/woooosh and r/woosh
r/new is just a crappy preview of r/all
r/gaming and r/gamingcirclejerk 
r/wtf and r/GayMods
r/catapultmemes and r/iamatotalpieceofshit
r/whatplantisthis and r/whatsthisplant. One is a lot better and more active. 
r/funny and r/ComedyCemetery
r/food and r/foodporn
r/boottoobig and r/rosesarered
r/funny and r/comedycemetary
r/assholedesign and r/crappydesign
r/trees and /r/marijuanaenthusiasts



^^^^^^JK
/r/PrequelMemes  and /r/SequelMemes 

fight me.
/r/prequelmemes and /r/sequelmemes I don't know, just some Star Wars jokes
r/trebuchetmemes and r/catapultmemes
The 40-Year-Old Virgin. It would probably be about two minutes long. 

"My name is *Randy*, and I'm 
March of the Penguins. And the porn is still narrated by Morgan Freeman
Charlie and the chocolate factory. 
Inception, just going deeper and deeper into /weird/ dreams
Her.

It's just 45 minutes of Joaquin Phoenix rubbing his dick on an iPhone.
Thomas the Tank Engine 
"John Dick"

A single sequence porn parody with the same level of choreography.
300, it’d be the most manly, badass, gay porn orgy ever 
Home Alone
The matrix is already halfway to some bdsm shit
Planet of the Apes
Predator
A dog's purpose
CastAway
Twins. 
With Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger 
Infinity War. The last scene is Thanos and Hulk goin' at it.
Bambi 
Die Hard
Schindler's List would just be weird... and wrong.
Parent Trap  


Honey I shrunk the kids  


The land before time
District 9
The Human Centipede. 
3 Men and baby
Shrek, with Shrek and the donkey going at it
Super Mario Bros. (1993)

This one is so obvious and I don't know how no one has said it before. Lik
Mister Magorium’s Boner Emporium 

The Anal Tenenbaums

Planes, Trains, and Auto-erotic Asphyxiation
The Emoji Movie 😩👀💦👅👄🍆
Marley and Me. 
Eraserhead. I would probably watch it out of morbid curiosity 
**8008: A Space Naughtitty**

The giant, floating space baby at the end of the film is still there, 
50 shades of grey
Forrest Gimp
Zack and Miri Make a Porno, it somehow has less sex in it 
Ok I've been cooking this one in the tank for a long ass time. Ready?

Pacific Rim-Job

So giant ali
boy in the stripped pyjamas 
Being John Malkovich
Peppa pig the movie
Schindler's Fist, Cool Bummings, Men in Black Men...the list goes on
Buried
Big Hero 6
Fist Club         We won't talk about it though.
IT, with canon character age kept intact.
Boss baby 
The house with a cock in its walls
Jurassic Park
 Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World 
Lord of the Dicks, 
Spiderman - I'm coming, 
Dick and Morty
Toy Story 
The Dark Crystal.  That would pretty out there.  
Youtube rewind 2018
Shaving Ryan’s privates
The passion of the Christ



Godzilla
A Charley Brown Christmas 
The Muppet Movie or The Lego Movie
Hacksaw ridge
This one

https://www.reddit.com/r/CrazyIdeas/comments/4idm9m/in_every_porn_scene_there_should_be_a_
Predestination. It’s already kinda fucked up...
Memento
Prisoners

Wind River

Seven

A Christmas Story
Starship troopers...
Moon
I would think anything by Wes Anderson. Just a lot of quiet scenes, none of them involving sex, foll
The Curious Case of Benjamin Butthole.
Herbie the love bug
Bird box. 
Welp, since nobody said it, I'll go ahead. Bird box \*sighs\*
Suicide Squad
The Emoji Movie
Passion of the Christ
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Open water. Someone stuck in the middle of an ocean beating off at sharks
Saw. 

Just a bunch of weird masturbation and sex scenes with complex devices, all to escape a kidna
I would give my entire college fund for a pulp ficition porn parody
Honey I shrunk the kids
Freddy got fingered
Space Balls. Oh yeah Dark Helmet, Mooar, Mooar !
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
The dark backwards
The Fantastic Mr Fox
Man On Wire
Where The Wild Things Are

Flubber

Stand By Me
Seabiscuit

Toby Maguire fucks a horse; the end.
Swiss Army Man  
Mac and Me  
Transformers  
Watership Down
I always had an idea for a gay musical porno based on harry potter
Land before Time.

It's all dinosaurs if you've  never watched it 
Polar Express, complete with creepy animation.
Beauty and the Beast
Toy Story
My birthday, just because it falls near April fools day they insist on pranking me, when I was young
New Years Eve

Every year my parents would sum up all the bad things I've done and completely ignore
Food. 

Current parents: Don't use food as comfort, don't use food as praise. And please don't overf
smoking pot

I can't even think about it without flashing back to being annoyed with my stoner, hipp
Eggs

I was a picky eater as a kid and parents got a ton of pressure from extended family saying I w
Well, growing up, all parties were about getting absolutely smashed until sunrise. Growing up I was 
Ruebens. 

We'd have them on special occasions and on one Mother's Day my little brother ate his too
Addictive drugs. Nothing discourages it like pulling your blacked out father out of a still running 
The Mari Kondo method of tidying. Although I do kind of agree with it, my parents became obsessed wi
Mustard. My parents would put spicy Dijon mustard on my tongue when saying a bad word. 
My nips. 
My mom came crashing into my room one day as I was shirtless in the middle of changing and
facebook. can’t post anything without getting unnecessary comments
Nutella. They told me that the palm oil when heated is cancerous. 
Christmas Day.

My mom always hosted Christmas and hosting parties always stressed her out. We got o
Marriage.

Parents divorced and spent a good amount of time being narcissists, each having multiple 
I watched my mom go fucking bonkers one night after too many tequila shots and almost kill her ex hu
Alcohol. I turn 21 on Monday and I can’t even think about drinking because they’ve messed up what co
My mental health. Narcissistic mother and alcoholic father. Speaks for itself really. 

Edit: spelli
My self-confidence. 
Relationships/marriage. 
The goddamned economy.
My ability to think of family as a good thing. I honestly can't fathom why someone would purposely s
My self esteem
Becoming Batman 
Getting molested by my mom when I was a kid - not being edgy.
Any healthy relationship with men.

My mom married three men that all abused her or us three childre
Sex, they do it literally 3x a day and make the weirdest noises and break stuff sometimes. The sex t
  Self esteem.  Health. (Autoimmune disorder)   Mental health. (Depression, PTSD, ADHD) .  Confidenc
Folding clothes  god damn let me do it my own way mom@!!@
Therapy 
Christianism. They were too pushy with religion. So much that's it's hard for me to conceptualize th
Concept of marriage
Life
My parents cause me a lot of anxiety. They told me I can’t succeed and talked me at 17 out of a good
All of my relationships with people of the opposite sex.

And I told my parents I'm bi. Every time a
Firecrackers. When I was a kid my mom told me a story about a boy in her class who blew his fingers 
Beer. Mostly everyone is an alcoholic on my mom's side. The worst part is that I was never even a he
Air Travel - when I was a kid I was nervous about flying. I was sitting next to my dad after boardin
Childhood, religion and family
Shrimp. My mom accidentally undercooked  frozen shrimp once so when I bit into one, it was hot on th
My mom ruined God for me. That takes some skill. 
The shape of my head; it is really odd.  My parents left me on the bare floor when I was an infant b
Family dinners. Too much fucking politics... 
Lemon-lime gatorade. My mom always gave it to me when I was nauseous and now it just tastes like vom
My sanity. And it wasn’t just my parents, but the blame falls to them. They had 8 fucking kids and c
Oh boy have i got a story to tell. This will prob get burried and no one will see this, but i should
My legs... 

When I was a kid, my downstairs neighbours complained about EVERY noise... 
So my mum m
Dreams that I used to have
my relationships with people who are opposite sex

my mom made it a point to mention that every guy 
People actually caring for me and returning respect. It doesn't just feel odd when I receive it, I a
My awesome life as a sperm. 
Journaling.  Mommy dearest read mine while I was at school, then told me how cute it was that evenin
A lot of foods like plain hamburgers, microwaved mixed vegetables, peas, instant mashed potatoes, po
Meat. Couldn't season or cook it right. I'm vegetarian now.
Being able to trust anyone.
Going on holidays, everytime my husband and I decide to go on holidays, my parents jump right in. Ev
My childhood. They forbid me having a Gameboy, trading pokemon cards and more :(
Parenting
All things related to gambling and casinos. Was taken every year to Las Vegas or Lake Tahoe for fami
Wish You Were Here- by Pink Floyd

My dad said he was going to play it at his funeral, so now I can'
The idea of having my own children. Scared to parent like them and scared of what kind of grandparen
My freaking self confidence & feeling like my creative & authentic path will never work. :)  I can’t
Christmas. 

Yep. Hear me out.

Every year my parents would dress up me and my sister very properly 
Pork!

Whenever my mom would make it for dinner, my dad would jokingly call it “weasel” - which, in 
Wood stoves. I refuse to allow one in my home. My parents had one in the basement that they used for
College. My parents stole 20k in scholarship refunds and fucked up my fafsa so I didn’t get any fina
My relationship with myself - especially sexually. Turns out when you belittle; tease; ridicule; bul
While not anything really bad on them, my perception of marriage has become kind of skewed and jaded
I used to always think bob ross was the greatest guy in the world but then my parents told me he pro
I once carved a jack-o'-lantern for Halloween in the image of my father.

The likeness was striking!
Alcohol
Meatloaf. The food... not the man.

My mother's meatloaf was so disgusting I can still conjure up th
TLDR; Parents divorced, mom had sex in my bed when I was away, I saw the aftermath, she told me not 
Lamb.

Growing up, my mum used to roast it until it was grey. It was so fucking bland. Even after tr
Shopping in department stores. I spent a good chunk of my childhood wasting away in department store
some Memes. My parents are just not funny
Certain songs from Jane's Addiction (Been caught stealing), Mötley Crüe (Girls, Girls, Girls) and so
Hearing about or watching (tv and movies) people have good or even normal childhoods. Specifically g
Shopping for clothes. 

Mom put way too many restrictions on what I could and couldn’t wear, now I o
My mental health.
Yelling, lots of yelling.  Especially in these New York accents.

New Yorkers think it's endearing, 
Marriage
My birthday. Every year I have to hear about how hard my birth was and then how difficult I was as a
Them telling me Santa Claus isn’t real when I was 25 years old. 
Mariage. No thank you. 
The ocean they instilled fear in me so I wouldn't get hurt
Math.  

I always had trouble with math when I was younger, and instead of helping me understand my 
Baby oil.
sex
Alcohol and basic human contact.
Beef Stew. My mom was an amazing cook, but her stew was awful. To this day it is one of my dad’s fav
Alcoholic father - pretty much ruined alcohol for
me.  But not the sticky green 😛
my confidence

My mom told me my boobs weren't big enough

My dad told me I was getting kinda FAT
Bologna. And I used to like it.

Not my mom, but her ex husband. He was my stepdad at the time. Ther
Evangelicalism. I know it's awful of me, but when someone introduces themselves to me as an evangeli
[deleted]
Me
Parenthood.
Not my parents but my grandparents: Football. They were season ticket holders and went to two Super 
Eating dinner with my parents.
Laziness
My life
the city of Seattle
My dad posted to Facebook that I got engaged before I got a chance to tell most people in my life, s
My relationship...with my parents.
Eating in the kitchen.
I've felt really insecure about relationships and love since they got divorced. 
Diamonds are pretty scammy
You know what, when the son of the deposed king of Nigeria emails you directly, asking for help, you
There was a scammer who sold the Eiffel tower. Twice. 
US Telecom companies getting like 200 billion to expand infrastructure, which they didn't do - then 
Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme, the largest Ponzi scheme in world history, and the largest financial f
Religion
The International Monetary Fund.

"We'll get your nation on its feet... So we can bend it over and m
When South America was discovered (through the Pacific mainly), Spain and Portugal were to draw a bo
South sea bubble
War
Recycling bins are right up there.... straight into landfill you go.
Student Loans
“Tell me and be honest, it’s okay, I won’t be mad!”
Scientology, which I'm actually glad to see not having already been mentioned here yet as that's an 
Nigerian princes asking for my help
The original Ponzi scheme has to be high on the list.
Indulgences in the catholic church, hands-down.
British Intelligence tricked the nazis in to thinking the Normandy invasion in WW2 was a diversion a
Trickle down economics
Europeans trading food and shelter for smallpox blankets.
Social Security
Communism
Crypto currency 
Penny stocks(real life wolf of wallstreet)
I'm not naming names, but I think that they are currently making the worst trade deals in the histor
It followed her to school one day.
Religion. PAY US MONEY TO GET TO HEAVEN!!!!
And people still fall for it lol
How about the Federal Reserve?
A guy bought the moon iirc.
Calling our American Oligarchy Republic a Democracy - people still actually believe it for some reas
Mary, Joseph and the Virgin Birth.

Immaculate conception = consummate deception.
Life coach
Religion by a country mile, still scamming today.
Banks
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency
Money
The eject mechanism on VCRs.
US elections of 2016
Capitalism
Mary had a little lamb.
Muh 6 gorillion 
Mine was once crowned the UK capital of terrorism.
The city of brotherly love, and crime.
We only bombed our own city once, one time. 
Columbine school shooting
A purple clad sovereign, something of an heir apparent during his lifetime. 
The London Bridge 
Crabs and crime.
Big ben
Smoked meat or poutine
Toasted ravioli 
Assassination of JFK.
Centrelink fraud 
Political protests, computer science, and high costs of living.

&#x200B;

(The other major city I l
A bombing. One of the few attacks accurately called domestic terrorism 
Bikes and a mermaid.
The city that never sleeps. 
Being weird.
blowing a 28-3 lead in the super bowl
Starbucks
BBQ, tacos, and live music.
Bears
Cocaine and hookers
Do villages count?

formerly strawberries, medieval battles and donkeys.

nowadays, nothing really.
Our elevation is rather specific.
Happy cake day!!
Mormons.
Horrible football fans
Beer
Having a castle on a hill right in the middle of it!
It was ranked one of the most intelligent cities in the world within the past decade.  
If this is t
You can Be Someone here
A monument with a distinctive shape
So far as I can tell, it isn't.
Barbecue and fountains 
Until 2004 we had the largest shopping mall in the world.
Drinking, debauchery and parades. 
Disney World
Statue of Liberty
Garbage plates and Prostitution.
Schlitterbahn
Biggest Hindu Holi color fest in america.
Glass 
It’s the town everyone has to pass through to be surrounded by Joshua Trees. 
Ok, so not a city but a small town i used to live in. In Canada is known for being the gopher capita
Incest
Beer 
Buckeyes. Happy cake day btw
Rock and Roll.
Bernie.
The Equality House and the Westboro Baptist Church across the street from one another. 
Rich white people....
Well, it used to be the World's Most Liveable City (though it didn't deserve it) 
Mayo Clinic
Baked beans 
Hockey players.
Louis Zamperini's hometown.
Country music
It's the city whose name rhymes with fun.
We don't believe in the letter "R"
Beer City USA.
LeBron James 
Traffic Jam. 
A shutdown. 
LeBron, why did you leave?
NASA
Public Transport
Captain Sully, 9/11 - we basically have all the best plane crashes.
Literally nothing ever happening
A big ass banana and meth
Bitter Football (Soccer) & religious rivalry.
No, real zombie incident 
Racing
The most annoying college football fanbase in the country.
Strip clubs
Having a canal
Hate crimes, meth, and toxic air/water. Hint: In Canada.
Drag Queens and Mining.
A huge fire
Most of the Nobel prizes are given out here.
Roses. 
Sports heartbreak and a river that caught on fire multiple times.
Cheesesteaks 
Military bases, mountains and conservative Christians.
A big ass mall
Eegee's, guero canelo, cactuses, etc
We are wery wery Green 
Edit: in europe, my town is super Green in europe.
Bezos 
whales vagina
Really.bad.traffic
My city is known for having the biggest military mutiny in Canada.

Edit: Specifically WWII
Ungodly amount of tourists
The Penis of the Plains
The Easter 1916 rising.
More canals than Venice. It's all we have really 
Racism, but ironically hospitality also 
Pelicans
Trams, coffee and four seasons in a day
A racially confused former president of the local NAACP chapter and a garbage eating goat.
Broncos and Lions. 
The office ... sigh
Mercedes Benz stadium and hiv
Colosseum
Start of the zombie apocalypse 
Murder
Roundabouts
Strip clubs
The biggest car pile up in the UK.
Whale watching. They come into our bay with their calves.
being the porn capital of the us
The biggest cultural and economic hub of south india
the shot clock for basketball
"air capital of the world"
Betty White’s hometown!  Salt of the earth we are.  
Rotkäppchen Sekt 
Earthquakes, and being the largest city on this island.
Graffiti Lane
Cookie tables at weddings
Syndrome
Sweet tea
Swallows return every year. 
Blistering heat.
Puff Daddy once ate at the local Big Boy.
Cats
A sizable orthodox Jewish population. 
Stolen crab legs and college football
Steve Jobs lived here
Greenest city in Europe, apparently.
500 miles of racing
William Shakespeare 
... a circular stone
Current city: Football Hall of Fame

Hometown: World's Largest Buffalo
“The most Military-Friendly city in America”
Flogging
Grooming
One of the worst football teams in the NFL and an awful crime rate. 
Trevor Lawrence
GM crop reaserch
Stabbings.
Crackland, like disneyland for crack addicts.
College. Football. Championships. 
Half a day of International Auto racing
Our country's first native saint. 
77 Square Miles Surrounded by Reality
Hanging an elephant.
The most marijuana dispensaries in the land!
Gimme some of those... Beg nets?
Not having a name
A recent shooting in a club ☹️
Salsa
Fruit Cake
The city where the creator of Esperanto was born
Confederate pride?

A bunch of dead people
Al Capone used to come here with his mistresses
Cowtown. 
The home of boxing legend Mohammed Ali and fried chicken. 
Stephen King
Black and gold 
Justin bieber 
Cars, Aretha Franklin, the white stripes, coney hotdogs, and also going bankrupt a few years back
Shoes
Wind
French but not in France.
The river caught on fire. Twice. 
Sandra Day O'Connor grew up on a ranch outside of my little town.
Meth and cows lol
Weed. 
Coal mining and drugs 
Homeless eskimos
Robin hood 
Homeless and rich people 
Anchor Man
- 'Invented' the chocolate bar (more popularised and began mass production of it).

- Produce more h
Old jewish people
Hippies, beer, weirdness, and a mansion.
Boosie and state capital
Mechanical elephant
Hometown: Richard III

Current town: Titanic
Stab city (there hasn’t been a stabbing in years)
The first production of nuclear fissile material later used for weaponry
Justin Roiland
The Confederate flag and a KKK rally...
Murders and crabs
Being better than Dallas
Teen Pregnancy Capital of the 90s!
Racism and libertarians 
Sauce 
Crack heads
We're the "Flood City." Also, from what I understand, apparently the poorest city in Pennsylvania
Bad traffic?
The state itself is known for Sunshine (hint: not USA)
Cherry blossoms
We have the largest sand dune in an urban area.
4th of July firework shows.
Capital of the Confederacy
Cream cheese on hotdogs
A great downtown park with a suspension foot bridge. 
Drunk madmen with thick accents and girls caked in makeup
Cars
Pizza
Adam Sandler and heroin
Kodak 
Glass. Lots of glass. Glass museums, glass studios,  gorilla glass, valor glass, Corelle, Pyrex. Gla
An Aquarium
Coffee, street art, and an air of pretentiousness. 
Sarah Palin. 
Anne of Green Gables
Having the last Blockbuster in existence. 
The Beatles 
Rodeo. The town shuts down for the 4 day event. Schools everything.
The serial killer capital of the world during the 1970s.
Wind
Birthplace of Pepsi.
The longest pleasure pier in the world...
Shakespearean theatre and Justin Bieber.
CN Tower
Cheap Trick and sock monkeys.
It once had the largest dinosaur in California.
“The city of monuments”
Birthplace of Wendy’s 
being very smart but very rude at the same time.

&#x200B;
Considered one of the worst cities in the state. Used to be known for steel mills, but went to shit.
Because McBigs are the customers. 
the place is run by a clown
It was in direct competion with another burger chain's signature called [Big Boy](https://en.wikiped
More importantly, why isn't a Whopper called a burger king?
The founders were Mac and Dick McDonald. So the options were "Big Mac" and "Big Dick."
My last name starts with a “Mc” and my nickname is “Mac” so I’ve got no problem with it
Back in the day the Filet-o-fish used to be called the Fish Mcmariner....I read this in Mcnews when 
Doesn't have the same ring
They have the big Mac, we have the big mic. 
Because there's something a little offputting about telling a McDonald's cashier that you want a McB
Mac comes from the greek word macro, meaning large,
so calling it a  big mac is like calling it a bi
Yeah, happened when I played WoW. The story's not overly much to be honest you just stop playing or 
Back in the Xbox360 era when I first started going online I was on one of my first matches on halo 3
I've played World of Warcraft long enough that I've met and lost contact with a lot of people, but t
Yep I met a guy who lived in new York and I lived in cali we would play call of duty and minecraft a
I have friends closer than family from gaming. I had one friend disappeared back when I was still pl
I'm the guy who disappeared. Played Destiny on XBL with a guy from The Taken King all the way until 
The disappearance isn't really a mystery, but I guess it still counts. I gamed with a guy for a whil
A couple of years back I started a little group in Dota 2 since I wanted to play with people who sta
Back when I played gta constantly I met a couple who I added and after some time the dude felt like 
I played for a guy on xbox 360 (halo reach) for about a year or two, we literally ayed everyday. I'm
I'm playing online PC games for 10 years. People come people go. Games gaining popularity. Games los
I was a very big fan of Minecraft and had lots of friends until suddenly the fad died out and we got
World of Warcraft. I met many friends on there I became really close to that seemly disappeared afte
I disappeared. We'd play Little Big Planet 2 every day; I'd play it for up to 14 hours a day.

Then 
I met this girl, and she had been obviously suicidal. She said she would do it on her 14th birthday,
Just remember this girl that played Wow with me for a while that turned a bit into romance. We didn'
I have a group of online friends that I met back in 2009 on a virtual chat room website. For sometim
I was the person that disappeared. I was 11 and we met playing other people’s worlds on little big p
Met a guy in Dungeon Defenders 2 a long time ago. We helped each other through the harder levels of 
about 2 years ago when i started to play Trove a person started to farm stuff with me. later he/she 
Yep. Happened when I played Diablo 2 on USEast. Friend of mine whom I can't even remember his name n
I knew this guy a while back. I forget why, but I'd joke around with him that he was a pedophile. La
This happened ages ago.  Atari used to host a Boggle game. Six players would make their word lists a
Yes. I met this guy on Titanfall 2. We teamed up for almost 2 months to play LTS games. We won every
This one actually fits me.

Started playing a low end Minecraft style shooter that was actually a lo
Yeah I was in a group of 4. None of us knew each other in real life. It was me Sean Noah and Kyle. W
I've been that player and I can tell you the reason I stop intermittently is because I realise it's 
Friended a guy I had played a lot of battlefield 4 with due to our shared love of the devil's lettuc
Played xbox with the same guy for nearly 10 years. met in 2003 during a random match of Ghost Recon:
That friend who disappeared is me. I had a large amount of friends on Steam, but when I stopped play
I have told this story before, so I will try to do a tl;dr version of it:

I used to play GTA SAMP o
The longest anyone has ever “disappeared” was only nearly a week, so it’s probably not exactly what 
I operated a premium chain restaurant in Canada. One day this Indian gentleman started coming in, at
Don't work at any high-class restaurants or hotels, but I currently live in an old yet nice and comf
I worked in a high class restaurant in a nice hotel (for my town anyway) for a few years. We had a c
I used to work in a luxury hotel. A colleague of mine got a call from an in house guest, asking for 
Working nights at a hotel many years back - not super high class, but certainly no budget hotel eith
I’ve got a pretty good one! I work at a luxury property in California, and we had the co-founder of 
I worked for a resort in the Seychelles for 4 years. I have hundreds of stories which would fit this
I interviewed at a large hotel attached to a casino and while I was being shown around the front des
I used to work at a ski resort that sits at the top of a steep canyon.  The geography is pretty extr
I don't even work at that nice of a restaurant, but last month I got chewed out over the phone becau
My uncle works at a very upscale restaurant on a very well-to-do and desirable vacation island in th
Ordering $150 caviar to-go for their cat.
I am a cocktail server at the huge pool of a 4 star hotel. A woman said in a mono-tone voice and wit
Late to this party but I have a positive one to throw in amidst all the negative. 

I'm loosely aqua
My son in law was working as a waiter in a fancy restaurant in Dubai. A very tipsy customer ordered 
Had a business dude rent one of our apartments for 3 weeks at this fancy hotel I worked at. Second d
I worked at a nice restaurant in downtown Portland and one day a lady called to make a dinner reserv
Back when I did waitering, there was a woman and her friends at one of my tables. The woman asked fo
I play poker for a living and every now and then some rich guy will sit down and start going all in 
Worked at a grocery store in uppity Gold Coast Chicago when I was a teen.

We sold soup for lunch an
Bitchy kid that threatened to tell his father about me because I refused to get him alcohol (he was 
There‘s a thing in Stockholm‘s rich kid district called „vaska“. Basically, you order an expensive b
Worked in a fancy smancy lobster pound/restaurant on the water where had a lot of outdoor seating. T
I work at a ridiculously upscale steakhouse in Manhattan while in college as a hostess, we have some
I know it may be technically off topic, but I worked IT (computer tech) in a small, tourist ski town
Not a food worker myself, but there's a Long Island chef named Tom Schaudel that puts out a yearly T
This isn't as much a specific instance, but something that happens all the time with entitled or ric
I worked at a restaurant in the lobby of a rather nice hotel.  There was a rich dude that basically 
There was this classic trick I used to do when seating people. If, based on the logistics, I needed 
I'm none of the above, but a soldier. We held an annual ball at a local marina hotel restaurant/bar,
Worked at a private villa in Bali. One guest stood out. She only drinks and bathes in Evian, so one 
My former boss (insanely wealthy), used to stay in presidential suites and would have any and all re
I work at a Marriot, one that is more expensive than your typical hotel but by NO MEANS a place that
Not a restaurant/hotel worker.  However, we were living in the Bahamas for a few months and to occup
Ordering the most expensive wine in the house...pouring two 1/2 glasses...taking a sip...and sending
Oh yay, I love this one. First and foremost, throw a 6 year old's birthday party at a tapas restaura
During our honeymoon, my husband and I came back to our (very nice) hotel from a day full of hiking 
Not working there but saw someone claiming he can fire the waitress cause he has the power.
As a valet, probably tossing us the keys to the car, expecting us to know who they were. It was quit
I've met two celebrities through my various work experiences. 

Tim Allen requested that we close th
A young man I’ll call Business Douche tried to send back two bottles of Penfolds Grange, not because
Strange thing happened to me the other day...

I was in a supermarket (Tesco in the UK) grabbing som
Long time lurker here,

Worked abroad at a high end beach club in Greece where all our clients had t
I’m three years into Sous chef at a private resort in Upstate New York. Most of our guests are retur
So I’ve played at a lot of these venues with  rich clientele, but the one that takes the cake is the
i see a lot of bad stereotypical stuff in here..  so let me brighten your day.

&#x200B;

i used to 
TL;DR: Average snobby rich people, but also many celebrities were encountered with a mix of good and
So, not a restaurant or a hotel, but a travel agent. Client is a dick. Client can't drive and crashe
I was told by someone who had worked in a club in Macau that he heard of a wealthy guy who ordered t
I was in Amsterdam to judge the Cannabis Cup years ago, with about 30 people that had all expenses p
They made me take their waters back, dump out the glass, put ice in the glass, add water, dump out t
I worked at a luxury vacation rental property in a small, affluent mountain town (you can probably n
Flew a classical piano player to perform at their their 2 year olds birthday party. 
This is more in the vein of a "rich douchebag" stereotype, but my dad used to work as a valet for La
Oh man, this four top came in to the restaurant I worked at (no. 1 in the state, consistently), spen
Not a high class restaurant or hotel, just a nice little shop selling fresh house-made pasta and sau
I once stayed in a hotel an NFL team had rented for an away game. It was a really nice hotel and the
Worked at a Hilton for a little while. Made about a dime above minimum wage cleaning bathrooms, walk
This was not stereotypical but ridiculous it was. I had a customer come in in the most basic cheap c
Positive stereotype incoming:

I worked at a nice steakhouse in Houston. Once a year one of the bigg
I didn't work in high class restaurant, I delivered for Jimmy Johns, however my delivery radius incl
Used to be a bartender, had 4 guys walk up to the bar and order 4 shots of Remy Martin Louis XXIII..
I worked in a hotel in Edinburgh and we had Snoop Dog come to stay. He prepaid the smoking fine whic
Once saw a wolf of Wall Street type character trying to impress his flock of sheep in an expensive b
Barely eat any of the food they spent a lot of money on. I ate so much excellent tenderloin off the 
In Norway and Sweden, rich kids do this thing called “washing champagne”. They order two or more bot
In college I dated a college student who was the daughter of the Sony America Division president. We
Worked at a 5 star hotel. This one guy would come in a lot. No small talk tho straight to business. 
My mum used to work in a snazzy hotel in Dublin, Mel Gibson stayed while filming Braveheart. He insi
Late but yeah.

I used to work as a waiter in this nice little Vietnamese restaurant/bistro kind of 
Ask to purchase two of our high rise bar chairs and keep them in the back for when they come and the
I worked at the St Pete Florida Best Buy as a seasonal employee- part time way back in 2003/04 while
I used to work for a company who provided security for some big name celebs. Overall, the celebs wer
I used to work as a chef at a restaurant in this massive 5 star resort. Our restaurant is usually qu
Worked at a sushi restaurant in the mid 00s, where we had a half off night. It was constantly packed
One of my favorite situations was when my wife and I were staying on the big island in Hawaii.  Ther
Ordering the house's special dessert (tiramisù in this case) and sending it back saying that "mascar
A guy left a $10k tip, then proceeded to light a cigar at the bar. Management didn't stop him, they 
A couple who didn’t understand why wine was “sent back” ordered a $700 bottle of wine and said “they
Bitch about the tiniest details that they deserve and require ("my Merlot was served at 20 degrees C
I work in a 5 star hotel in Germany. We had guests that checked in and we're given an upgraded suite
I worked at a swanky starbucks with a drive thru and two women still haunt my dreams.

Ms. Linda: Ms
My brother was a apprentice cook in one of the most prestigious hôtels on the french riviera.
That w
My Father traveled for business a lot. He's in his 70s now so near retirement, doesn't travel much n
Served a woman her glass of Chardonnay. She said it was wrong, that I brought Pinot Grigio. I brough
Not a specific event, but we constantly had people stay who would make a big mess and then happily s
The dudes fiance lost her rediculously big and expensive engagement ring in the pool so he ordered t
This lady ordered the "Ike and Tina Tuna"  
  
I politely asked her if she wanted the plate, or plat
I don't work in high end Restraurants or Hotels, I do however work in the Aero Tech industry. Specif
Not exactly related, but there's nothing more hilarious than middle class people acting like this in
Was at a nice hotel in Berlin, eating breakfast, and there was a couple next to us - man behind his 
I worked briefly at a chocolate shop in the mid 00's. There was a rich businessman who would come in
My roommate in college worked at a private resort/club as a waitress back in her hometown. She would
The fact that this isnt a high class establishment makes this story better. I managed a local wing j
I worked at a taco restaurant that was the place where rich people went to pretend to be poor for a 
Someone had a heart attack on the patio of our restaurant. Paramedics came and were assessing the si
5 Star/5 Diamond Hotel worker here

A guest was sitting by himself in the lounge sipping a $39 glass
I was a private guard for the richest family in Cincinnati for awhile. They brushed shoulders with t
Story from my dads golf club.  Its a really nice club in Canada and celebrities want to play regular
ridiculous demands! i used to work as a gardener at a few major 5 star hotels in london that has had
Worked at high end hotel in Vancouver, BC. Some dude closed some big deal and as a celebration attem
I work at a top jazz club in LA- so this will be the (unnamed) Celebrity Episode:

Good: tipped $2,5
I waited on “The Situation” and his family. Probably 10-12 people. He ordered two of the most expens
One day a couple friends and I went to a ren faire. We dressed up and at the end of the night we sta
Late to this thread but wanted to share because it’s more funny than annoying:  
My parents and aunt
Leaving a 60 dollar steak and half a 300$ bottle after doing a gram or two in the bathroom
Wife used to workin a high end clothing store, the really expensive pieces of clothing you had to ma
I'm living in a high end apartment building. I've got two garage spots and no car, so I rent them. O
When I brought the bill after lunch, rich dude fumbled with the unknown currency, walked off then wa
I worked in a nice restaurant and watched old rich guys hit on younger girls at the bar all the time
I worked at a high end establishment where all the wait staff and bussers were traditionally male an
I work at a classical music and theatre venue. It’s in the middle of the city so we ask a small fee 
I’ve served two celebrities at a high end hotel and both were exceptionally nice. One was John Micha
Reading through this, I realized something. There really are entitled bitchy people in all walks of 
This post is exactly why the saying "Money can't buy class" exists. 

Coworker thanked a family for their generous tip as he brought back their change and they said to ke
For me it’s being in absolute bliss wrapped up in her arms. You’re surrounded by her smell, her hear
When you stop holding in your farts around them 
When he kissed someone else in front of me and I felt like I was going to vomit and pass out. 

He w
When I first heard her sing along to the radio, she's doing it now in the other room and I could lis
A rather heavy "Oh no" realization +  concluding that despite the fact that they cause me a great am
When he told me he'd move halfway around the world to be with me and did. We've been together over 2
Watching him build a fort with my two kids, unprompted from me, simply because they asked him to. It
When my dog jumps up and hugs me to say hello 
When your happy place is thinking of them. Whenever I’m anxious or down, I’ll think about the way hi
When I every time got this urge to talk to that person every day even for a while. Sometimes to the 
I'm not sure. 

It's hard to pinpoint the moment that made me go "I want to spend forever with you",
I’d literally lose sleep because I would rather talk/hang out with them. 
Our first argument. I was the type of person that would argue and break up because I couldn't be bot
When I realized I could be around that person 24/7 and not get sick of them.


There was a moment when both of us realized that we couldn't imagine life any other way than the *on
Wet dream.
When I made a joke about my parents' divorce and she laughed and made one, too. 
Everyday when I meet her and she bats her eyes at me and laughs at the stankest joke I tell. That's 
When we had to separate and I cried
I don't think there was a singular moment that made me first realise I was in love. I kinda just rea
They were actually interested in me.  
  
Happened 2 times and both times I was already too late.  

When that rush of dopamine and norepinephrine hits you like a drug. 
I get picked on by my family for being slim; yet, if I was to joke about their fatness, I'd be liter
A woman in crotchless panties is "sexy", but if I wear crotchless cargo shorts, I get kicked out of 
Men: I prefer not to date overweight or fat women.

Women: You disgusting pig! How dare you judge he
Ladies can call their friends her "girlfriends," but a man can't call his friends his "boyfriends."

When people want the right to express their opinion but also want to shut others up.
Modern radical feminists claiming they want 'gender equality' whilst demonising men and arguing for 
As a kid I was told never to tell a lie. Yet if I didnt like some food someone cooked for me and I s
Those who say 'I hate drama' but would cry because the split end from their hair broke and it hurts
My parents will scream at me for 10 minutes straight but if I dare raise my voice I'm suddenly "ungr
All the underwear-posing Instagram ‘influencers’... if they’re overweight they are considered ‘so br
If a woman sleeps with a bunch of guys, she's considered the village bicycle. But if a guy does it, 
Celebrity dies of an overdose: “What a tragedy, they were such a misunderstood genius!”

Random Joe 
[deleted]
People showing up here for the comments, but downvoting my “Here for the comments” comment. 
World War II in color.
Icarus is incredible
They Shall Not Grow Old
r/documentaries Is full of great ones.  Hot coffee is one if my personal favorite though
“There's Something Wrong with Aunt Diane”
Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown.

I only started watching after hearing he died admittedly but damn 
Ken Burns' Vietnam was great.
 Planet Earth 2
O.J Simpson: Made in America. 
Not for everyone, but if you have any interest in Formula 1, then *Senna* is a brilliant documentary
earthlings
American Vandal! You won’t believe who drew the dicks

[Last Feast of the Crocodiles](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5f9y9h)

Is an old school Nationa
**Mommy Dead and Dearest**

**Dear Zachary**

They are both devastating and infuriating in their own
Holy Hell - guy (who is now out) was the cameraman for a cult in Cali back in the 70s and 80s. you g
Restrepo. Covering the U.S soldiers deployed to the Koreangal Valley in Afghanistan.
If you are inte
Would Samsara be considered a documentary? If so, Samsara. 
Waiting for Superman 

Explains the current education crisis in America and it's shitty public schoo
Path of Blood.

I genuinely thought it was a black comedy at first and even had to pause it to go ch
The King of Kong 
The Cove. It’s about how the Japanese round hundreds of dolphins into this cove and slaughter them f
The Imposter - a child goes missing. He is found years later with a foreign accent and different fac
*Won't You Be My Neighbor?* Just, you know, keep a healthy supply of tissues handy.
No one has said it so Dear Zachary, A Letter to a Son About His Father
Grizzly man
Mankind. It covers all of human history in ten, 45-minute ceremonies.
**Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.**

Enron was an energy company that pumped up its stocks on 
The Century of the Self. It's a 2002 BBC documentary about psychological techniques and how they are
The Human Animal

It's like a normal documentary about animals. But it's about humans.
I've got the usual answers...Jiro Dreams of Sushi, The Fog of War, etc.

One of the best ones outsid
It Might Get Loud

Who is Harry Nilsson (and Why Is Everybody Talkin About Him)?

Festival Express


*Dogtown and Z-Boys* (yes the documentary, not the movie *Lords of Dogtown*). It really puts into pe
"Hypernormalization" if you want to gleem in the current us political situation and how its been 40 
Propaganda Game gave me goosebumps.
"Houston, we have a problem!"

A documentary about yugoslavia selling its entire space project to th
Blue Planet II.
Senna
Supersize me
The Red Pill
Room 237,  American Movie
On Netflix there is a series of documentaries about a bunch of popular chefs that's great. Don't kno
I just watched Mommy Dead and Dearest. Was pretty good. 
Alone in the wilderness. Late 60's. Man builds a log cabin by hand in remote AK.
Happy People - Netflix
Struggle: The Life and Lost Art of Szukalski

Very interesting documentary on Netflix. Well worth th
God Knows Where I Am.
Born Rich by Jamie Johnson, heir to Johnson and Johnson. It’s about being born with a net worth that
*Man on Wire* and *Helvetica* are two of my favorites.
Coolest Year In Hell - New York in 1977



Dirty South - The best of Rich Hall's movie doc series



Command & Control - Netflix. Arkansas was so close to being wiped out. 
Two docs that remain with me through the years:

Triumph of the wall (about the construction of a wa
 The Matrix 
911 Coincidences on YouTube. 
Tickled
WW2 from space is pretty good, it has more of an American perspective which can be annoying if you w
Blackfish, blue gold and zeitgeist.
I'll second *Senna*

ESPN and BBC have a co-production about the 1989 Hillsborough football stadium 
*Senna* \- Even if you don't like Formula 1, the story is incredibly well told, all through period f
Meru. INSANE rock climbing story.
There's a couple of oldies that have stood the test of time: "March of the Penguins" and "The Corpor
Cowspiracy 
Mommy Dead and Dearest. A little girl who is profoundly disabled and sick is discovered to be comple
Sprayed.
Death by MetaL
Just about every episode of the PBS series Nova. 
Earthlings, Dark Tourist
The Battered Bastards of Baseball. It's about how Kurt Russell's dad founded a professional baseball
PLASTIC OCEANS
Some of the nuanced documentaries on xhamster.com are really great. 


Mondays at Racine

The Art of the Steal

A Girl in the River: The Price of Forgiveness

Class Divi
Project Nim. You’ll find it on HBO. Really sad Doc. 
Search reddit documentaries playlist on youtube. There's plenty. 
Wiener, you get to watch a political campaign implode from the inside, and no one turns off the came
American Nomad. A documentary about different nomadic individuals, how they live and why they travel
Dynasties by BBC in the UK is really good if you like animals.
Blue planet 2 is my go to documentary series
Living the Change, by Happen Films. They are a smal independent, so you need to buy the film. They a
Survivng R Kelly
Less of a documentary but more of an entire channel or two about the World Wars.

The Great War: htt
Wagner and me. Stephen Fry.
Blue Planet II, and Sunshine Makers
Give Up Tomorrow
Some Kind of Monster
The Roosevelts: An Intimate History

http://www.pbs.org/kenburns/the-roosevelts

A documentary that 
The Barkley Marathon
Tales from the Green Valley.  First of the BBC Historic Farm series.  Fascinating to watch and you l
There's an awesome magic the gathering documentary on Netflix. Highly recommend it to any MTG fans. 
TAP.  It's about bottled water.  If you drink it, watch TAP and you'll feel pretty stupid.
Stephen Fry's Planet Word.
A brilliant look at how language made the human race the dominant species
Bowling For Columbine
Standing on the highest step on a ladder. 
I used to want to have a threesome with two women but I realized that sex with just another person c
My girlfriend told me she had a threesome (2 girls - 1 guy) and since then I keep dreaming about tha
A lot, my wife wasn't into a lot of the things I would have liked to have done.


I wanna fuck outdoors. Like in the sun.  But i want my privacy and a bed or something to lay on that
Being vored by Minecraft Steve
I just want one ethusiastic, thorough BJ. ONE. Is that too damned much? Apparently.
Having a loving, fulfilling relationship 
To have sex
 Wanna travel the world and have sex in every country and make it as public without being caught lik
Be in a room with like 20 assassins as an average joe who found himself in the wrong place. 

I go i
[deleted]
Really want to be in a bondage gangbang where I'm the only girl and everyone takes turns trying to f
Getting my teeth brushed by my girlfriend 
Considering "being hugged" is still on there, not much. 
I wanna watch two guys fuck. I've fucked and been fucked several times, but I've never seen anyone e
ITT:

* Woman that want a MFM
* Man who wants to have sex with a woman while being fucked by a man
*
Have sex with my coworker in our boss's office 


Tacos at a white collar job
drowning in "squirt" during 69.
Probably to sleep with that one guys dead wife
A lot of very hard psychedelics. I've done all the mainstream stuff. I want to lose myself.
I wanna be able to walk around the office barefoot.
2 chicks at the same time, man. 
Derpthroat
Strip poker
Kidnapped and taken to a cabin in the woods forced to service a group of men there for a long weeken
Handholding would be nice....
Fuck a girl whilst being fucked by a guy.
Threesome with 2 guys
Murder and rape: I want to kill murderers and rapists.
Do the nasty in the past-y
Anal 
To finally get with my high school crush and prom date, and fuck her brains out. 
(lesbian) really want to play with low electrical toys, have a woman totally take control, and be st
Have sex in pressed up against a hotel window that’s visible from a highway. 
OP's mom
I've done a lot. Many simply for the pleasure of the others I've been with. 

But for myself, it's o
I want to get pissed on by 2 women and have a threesome.
To dom a super feminine guy who's into crossdressing is the dream tbh. Just don't know any guys irl 
Sex with another girl, watching a couple fuck, fucking a dude while his gf/wife watches, gangbang, s
I kinda wonder if I could tell if I ever got with a post-op transgender woman. 
More pee stuff. Public stuff. Maybe a swingers club. More girl-on-girl stuff.

Aannnddd now I'm horn
For my wife to give me a haircut while she's topless. 
1. To experience a prostate orgasm
2. To have a guy fuck me into a prostate orgasm
I know how crazy it sounds, but ever since I was a kid, I've had an unwilling erection fetish. I don
While not necessarily on my list anymore, I can tell the people here who have; "Have sex in the back
Holding hands in public.
Getting fucked with a strapon
potato 
Threesomes. 2 girls 1 guy, 3 girls, 1 girl(me) 2 guys. My other is to try pegging.
Drop a data table in production 
To be high on LSD and/or weed and just lay in the bed naked all day with a girl who is close to me


Go to the mustang ranch outside Reno just to see what it's like to hire a girl for the night.
Hooking up on a plane
Orgy, long-term milking (ideally Venus), mud/WAM, fetish room, anything involving Chris Pratt
To have sex in the woods, while out on a walk or something idk 😂😂
Dying.
Doing the penis peanut butter game with Worcestershire sauce.
I always wanted two men in my ass at the same time... Never managed to make it a reality.
I've never been unfaithful to any SO I've ever been with, never had a one night stand.  

I travel a
Gangbang.
To speed through the nevada desert in a red convertable, try every drug under the sun, spend the nig
To get a girlfriend that shares common interest and one day, have the sex
* MFM (I'm the F)

* sex with 2 members of the same family 

* sex in a foreign country 
Join the mile high club 
Fucking in public is on my list. Making a sex tape has already been crossed off, good times.
Sex in a lecture hall
FFM fo sho.
Get a friend
I always wanted to be with a black chick. 
Fuck an older mildly attractive female teacher and break their unhappy marriage. Then, keep fucking 
I have a dirty fantasy... I've always wanted to be used by a bunch of men like right after one anoth
Lose my virginity for starters.
I’d love to have sex with a trans-woman. 
I’d even suck her dick. 
Late night porn searching has awa
Suck an absolutely massive, big black cock. Over time I found myself watching interracial porn, and 
To pull of a heist when im old and gray , is that nsfw? Or fight a bear with my bare hands!
I (36m) want a girlfriend who's a slut and is open to just about anything.
Getting fucked by another man while my boyfriend watches
Literally pissing on a certain somebody’s grave after he finally kicks the bucket.
Sex in a cemetery 
Marry an asian.
Getting shot
I'd love to have the full on dominated experience, like just take control of me, plus the fact that 
I want to fuck a prostitute, my issue is I HATE wearing condoms. Quite the dilemma. 
Skydiving with one of those jumpsuits.
Holding hands
Bangkok.
two chicks at once

it's crossed off, but I didn't erase the entry
Somebody giving me a hug
I believe i was born too late to conquer the world, Ghenghis Khan style, but my NSFW bucket list wis
Sex with many celebrities. 
Holding hands
To get spitroasted tbh.
Being in a bukakke party (I’m a dude)
being able to fart in a small space with my father and lock him in for at least a minute. Bastard al
Naked resort. Sun, sand, sex with my wife. The more “clothing optional” the better 
Having sex with Jessica alba
Am a lesbian transwoman, might be relevant.

Sex with another lesbian transwoman. For whatever reaso
Driving a forklift off a loading dock.
Sex on every continent.
A really good looking twink. As a male, I just want to experience another good looking male.
I’ve never had an outright desire for a threesome, mostly because it just sounds exhausting- BUT...

Force the entire country of France into a massive orgy.
MFM 
I've already crossed off two of them!

1) Fool around with my sister

2) Orgy

3) Outdoor sex

4) Th
I'd like to cuddle with a woman.... that's about it. Sorry for not having absurd sexual fantasies; I
 I'm always considered the nice guy, too polite, yada yada, even at work everyone always looks up to
To find the greatest hentai known to man.
Anal 
XL Stan the T-Rex
1. To give a guy(s) blowjobs
2. My SO to peg me
3. SO to peg me while giving a guy a blowjob
4. slee
Two girls at the same time.
Trying anal with a strap
Give a BJ.
Be in bondage for a whole day, having sex in sporadic intervals-- sometimes she's making sweet love 
Holding hands /s
Having a guy eat me out while watching another guy fuck him :D
To get a rim job from my wife while she jerks me off.
pretty much just sex stuff:

a threesome with two women where they just concentrate on me. 

sex wit
To find someone who is comfortable with and matches my sex drive (also smart and funny) and see how 
Public masturbation tbh. Like risky though. I dont want to be caught, its a lot of charges if you do
Two chicks at the same time, man.
Snorting coke off some breasts
Probably to participate in a gang bang. I've had a couple opportunities, but was always worried abou
Eating ass
Receiving a headpat and going to church with my significant other, preferably while holding hands.


Done a lot, pretty much everything (on the standard list) with the wife.  Never did the money shot. 
Having someone love me.

 Either that, or being the judge of a prettiest vagina contest. 

To get a girl to have sex with me
A ffm threesome. I've been promised it on several occasions but shit never works out.
Orgy/Gangbang/MFM. I’ve had a MFF and that was my old biggest fantasy but now I want to share a girl
Fuck a pair of tits.
I want to do that hardcore, total domination shit 

Like pinning her on the ground or pinning her ag
 Wanna get tased just to know what it feels like 
 hold hands and kiss
Be in a relationship with a taller woman
A lot of kinky shit more than should be considered normal
Screwing a werewolf lady or sexy alien.
I recently gave in to my bucket list and started hooking up with other guys.

 Its been an interesti
Knock up my future wife MANY times
I'm 26, and would just love to have sex with a good looking 40+ year old woman.
I've been dominate every single time with a girl, and I feel like just once I want to be a sub bitch
Had the fantasy of masturbating in every US state 🤷‍♂️
I would love to top a bicurious girl and make her beg for it.

I’d also like to be with an experienc
To fuck a normal girl instead of random prostitutes. I always feel disgusted afterwards
As a lesbian

Being tied up, abused, controlled and fucked by two women 

Being tied up and blindfol
I've always wanted to have sex with

&#x200B;

(All women) 

1) A Russian

2) An Indian

3) Native A
It's called a Fucket List
Here are 2 recent additions to mine:

I've always found larger clits quite attractive. I found 2 wom
Have a foursome with three women.   
Have sex with an adult, as an adult.

So far I've done neither.

(Also it has to be consensual. Othe
I am a woman who LOVES giving head.  I really want to give my best friend head but I'm afraid he'd t
2 chicks at the same time
Fuck an alien 
I'm a transgender man so I suppose having a penis :') 
F
Actually having someone love me back 
Next person I sleep with I'm making fold their clothes neatly before we engage.
sex with a dolphin. 
Nice try, virgin
Sex might be nice
Neopolitan
getting fucked in the ass by someone that I actually have a relationship with
Having a harem of boys to fill me! 

I've done a lot already. I'm not sure I want to stray too far from what I've done though. I guess h
Having sex in a graveyard
I have several on what i like to call my Fuck it list.

In no particular order

1. Fuck a midget. 


Commissioning an art piece of my fursona fucking a drawn representation of real-life me in the ass.
Your mom's mom's sister's ex husband's grand fish
I tend to find myself watching a lot of lesbian stuff...

Get a loving girlfriend. ...Obviously when
Standing on a swivel chair. 
I just want to be held...
My list (bicurious male):


1) pegged by girlfriend

2) sex with a guy, anything goes (sucking cock,
Nothing, as of last Christmas...
fuck a homeless woman
I am a hot older white gay daddy type with amazing salt-n-pepper graying hair and a little belly. I 
Ummmmm probably to lose my virginity 
*cries in virgin*
To do sex.
I wanna collect women's cum in a vessel and use it like body lotion on myself and them, rub it from 
Apart from actual sex probably being fisted.  


(by a female, thanks for other kind offers, but I h
Well I'm currently married and have a friend with benefits that my wife knows about. Now if I could 
Sex
Sex with her legs up on top of my shoulders. My first girl was short...
harem... sounds really fun, sadly unlikely to ever happen since id have to get

* multiple girls to 
Russell Crowe in Gladiator, specifically the one where he’s in the colosseum readying for battle.
The Great Dictator
Tears in the rain is pretty great.
Clark Griswold's [Christmas freak out](https://youtu.be/TQXuazYI_YU).
Get busy livin', or get busy dyin'. That's god-damn right. For the second time in my life, I am guil
The big short when the two kids are celebrating how much money they are going to make by shorting th
No one’s going to mention Theodens speech at the Battle of Pelennor fields in Return if the King? 
Good morning. Good morning. In less than an hour, aircraft from here will join others from around th
The Great Dictator
[Charlie Chaplin’s speech is unrivaled](https://youtu.be/w8HdOHrc3OQ)
[I’m mad as hell!](https://youtu.be/ZwMVMbmQBug)
Chaplin speech in The Great Dictator


From Ratatouille-

In many ways, the work of a critic is easy. We risk very little, yet enjoy a posi
Samuel L Jackson in Pulp Fiction. Has to be, because the character is obviously trying to be a sinis
Maximus in Gladiator-What we do in life.Echoes an eternity.
Michael Douglas as Pres. Andrew Shepherd's speech in The American President.
[St Crispins Day from Henry V is Epic](https://youtu.be/A-yZNMWFqvM)
Not a film but Tyrion's court speech when he was being charged for Joffreys murder. 
"I'm gonna pull the whole thing down. I'm gonna bring the whole fuckin' diseased, corrupt temple dow
It was a real speech too but [Patton](https://youtu.be/sv9XNFpRdhg)'s opening speech to his men. The
Jaws - USS Indianapolis
William Wallace in Braveheart.
[The pre-battle speech in Independence Day](https://youtu.be/QoLywiaM6PA)
I either haven't seen the other films mentioned or don't remember the speeches, so I'll stick with m
"Together we lived, we laughed, we loved... but you left me. And now, I walk this wilderness alone. 
Patrick Bateman -There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable a
Friends, Romans, Countrymen can’t be beat.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0bi1PvXCbr8
[this one, from The Newsroom](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wTjMqda19wk) 
“We wanna be free”
The ["I'll be there"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2JR3FmvVAw) speech from The Grapes of Wrath.
Very partial to Edward Norton's speech in [The 25th Hour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgL_5QcZCM
Either cloud atlas or no country for old men
Speech by Churchill while Dunkirk ends! 

Beautiful cinematography and beautiful speech to end a mas
"Three or four moments." Deadpool
Where there is fire, there is smoke. And in that smoke, from this day forward, my people will crouch
Rocco's speech boondock saints 2(kind of meh film first one is awesome  however but love the speech)
George Jung's voice over at the end of Blow. "There are no more white horses or pretty ladies at my 
"70 minutes" speech by ShahRukh Khan in his movie "Chak de India".

It's a Bollywood movie (not a lo
Pachino's court room scene in "Scent of a Woman "
You’re wrong, Frank. I’m not a kid, I’m a man. I am gonna get you better, and then I’m gonna beat yo
Kurt Russell’s speech from “Miracle”.  You know the one. 
When V introduced himself in V for Vendetta
To Kill a Mocking Bird - Atticus’s final speech to the jury. 
True romance. Dennis Hopper talking about Sicilian history. 
“Friends, Romans, countrymen......!”  And “Within 300 years, Italians built the Renaissance, the Swi
I love Jim Gordon's at the end of The Dark Knight Rises but I suppose that's cheating because it's a
https://youtu.be/nWRxPDhd3d0
I think we are missing [Rocky Balboa](https://youtu.be/D_Vg4uyYwEk?t=100) here.

>Let me tell you so
James Earl Jones in Field of Dreams right before he goes into the corn. 
“Local singles in my area”
I'd find my nephew and work at his delivery business
How did Google corporation last 1000 years?
"what is the average penis size"
Did the queen die?
“How much has changed, and do we live under water?”
Memes
My name.
Nothing, I would go outside
amateur step-sister POV
The elder scrolls 6
bewbs
How to time travel
WW3.
"year Google won the technology wars and assumed rule of Earth"
Is food finally in pill form? What about pills? Are they in food form?
How many galaxies does Google own currently
"Has time travel been invented?" 
Where my closes bank branch is I'm collecting that sweet interest
What day is it?

Cuz i fell asleep, woke up, looked out the window and there was some futuristic shi
Porn
I would want to know about space travel.  What's been found?  How far have we traveled?  Have we mad
Stock market exchange rates. I wanna check how my investments went
apple.
Religion. So I can find out if it FINALLY fizzled out.
P. O. R. N.

Half life 3 playthrough
Busted.
I’d google the last day I remember and find out what the fuck happened 
Jonas Brothers - Year 3000 (Official music video) 
Tiny LED like lights, for reading in bed.
Escape pod
They have a function, they're thermometers. 
De-boner button
To give a realistic answer. They could invert when developing so girls could stick their nipples in 
Lactate chocolate milk. Why should I carry a bottle of chocolate milk everywhere I go when I can get
It can shoot lasers
Parachute
I'd give them a tiny little hand each that can hold the socket that I'm not using right now but that
Volume controller for AirPods
To feed the baby so I could get some sleep. Instead, I am up all night,  and as I feed the baby I st
Clitoris-like sexual sensitivity.
Upon pressing the right nipple, a mechanical arm rapidly extends from my anus to my nipple, presses 
Electrical outlet. Never know when your 3DS is gonna die.
Flashlight.
-On the *left* nipple, it would lactate a flavorful merlot

-On the *right* nipple, it would lactate
Shoots Spider-Man webs, so I can swing through cities with my titties. 
Orgasm
Garage door opener
It would project a forcefield around you
Secrete pumpkin-spice latte.  Maybe then you'd pay some attention to them Karen.
Cigarette lighter.
Honking sounds
Wake me up for an hour each time I squeeze them.
phone charger
Gentle twist:  
Right nipple - the truth  
Left nipple - control stubble/beard length
You know when you got stomach pains or something and you just wish you had a nozzle or something to 
Left one for ketchup, right one for mustard
Beer! 🍺
They grow when they are lying 
In all seriousness, maybe they could store water?

When you drink water you can force it into your m
Bees?
Baileys dispenser. I don't I've ever met a woman who doesn't like Baileys.
another route to shoot semen ⛲
Breastfeeding. No reason Mommy should have to be the one to get up every hour on the hour all night 
Id love it to produce fanta 
Give Gatorade 
Water gun.
Rubbing my 3rd nipple opens the magical door to Narnia - CB
Volume knob
Arms.
I’d have them lactate just like women (but I don’t want full tits). I think it would make early chil
I could say "Go Go Gadget Mojito" and freshly mixed mojito would come out
WiFi hotspot
[Franky](https://youtu.be/0PXsP-1MgjM) has the right idea.
My son says two little suction cups to carry things
Produce the liquid version of whatever the nearest pregnant woman is craving. 
Boner on/boner off
Pepsi dispenser.
They tingle at a higher frequency when you are close to favorable geological drilling conditions for
I believe pressing a third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia. Why not
Hand sanitiser dispenser. 
Acid gun. Oh theres a wall in my way. No broblem   (violently squirts acid from my nips melting the 
Nursing. My husband would do a fantastic job sitting on the couch watching the house fall into chaos
USB chaeger
Glass cutter. Like, if you wanted to cut a hole in a window to look out of something.
Regulate testosterone. I would just rub them all day and get as jacked as Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Glow blue when Orcs are near.
A boy that was my friend told me they were compasses when we were in kindergarten.  Is wish that was
Sound effects. Like, classic bicycle horn or sad trombone.
Bottle opener. 
A new socially unacceptable way to release gas alongside farting and burping.
Lactate pepper jack cheeze whiz
Easy, Mountain Dew dispenser.
As a straight women, vibrate.
Just remove them. Men have no need of nipples.
A volume up and down button for people you either want or not want to listen to.
Adrenaline Surge 
Cupholder
Nipple lights. 
French fry dispenser. Or fried chicken. 
Gasoline dispenser
Bitch sensors.
I want mine to shoot lasers.
web slingers
Lazer beams
Dr Pepper dispenser 
U.V. probe.
Machine gun nipples
Headphone port 
Hot sauce
Combination lock
Press it and you die.
Replace them with GAU-8 Avenger cannons.
Horn. And hooter. 
Lasers
Laser beams

Edit: lazer to laser. Idk
LAZER!
Lasers
Beer tap
An off switch would be good
"You are watching the Family Learning Channel. *AND NOW ANGRY TICKS FIRE OUT OF MY NIPPLES*."
Squeeze out lube for sex.
How about the left one is a wake-up button (makes you wide awake when you are tired) and the right o
Shooting lasers. Exactly like superman but the nipples
Orgasm button, or they are for me, when I'm close.
Trebuchet
A bottle opener seems practical 
Men are actually capable of lactating. Seems like an impressive function to me. 
Reddit points when I post pics of them the way females get
Identical to the female nipple so people would stop losing their shit when one pops up on facebook.
Rosé tap
Dispense beer
random song
Bottle opener.  
Whiskey on the left, gin on the right...
Beer taps. 
I'd make them prehensile so they could hold my beer.
Make "beep boop" noises
WD-40 dispenser
Beer tap
radio frequency.. duh.. tune in tokyooooo
Lactate warm nacho cheese
Spider man web shooters
Downforce
Chocolate milk 
Wide-band radio transceiver
Have the ability to turn them into diamond points on mental command. 1 Ability to cut glass when nee
They could reach out and hit people. Never lose a fight 😤
impact shield. Would love it.
a router
Laser beams
functional gaydar
Push-to-talk
Glitter dispenser
Sirarcha dispenser
Variable speed, spinning action, 1 inch long, Bullshit detectors.

The bigger the bullshit, the fast
Defenetely stun juice dispenser...moms would appreciate that I think 
piss
Childbirth. 
Lasers
it would extend into a wip.
Lazers
Squirt gun, every guy wants a built in squirt gun
ADS capable of destroying light artillery and firearms rounds. 
Bluetooth speakers
To delete posts on the internet
Thermostat
Press for seltzer.
Shoot lasers.
I would want it to shoot off my body and extend out so I could use it like the hookshot from Legend 
To look like Milk Duds!
Time travel
Squirt cum
Just a plain old cordless drill driver
[This](https://img1.ak.crunchyroll.com/i/spire1/95e8a9314b4d8781d3fb81a9b798d71d1391812131_large.jpg
Easy, 3D Printer
Asserting dominance
Beer tap
Manny. Fucking manny.
Getting erect when you're the opposite of turned on
Firing laser beams
Shoot laser.
*M I L K*
The function would be to not cum until I bite them really hard!
I just kind of like licking/gently nibbling them. 
The ability to breastfeed, that way when mommas get tired of breastfeeding, daddy can take over.! 
Lie detector 
Beer dispenser 
Dual chest mounted clitorises.
Bluetooth 
Ice Cream
They are antennas for when I stick the remote starter control for my car to my chin. Where I point,t
Alexa enabled
Can they just sound like bike horns when you boop them?
Bluetooth speakers.
Wtf, in this thread I see guys saying you can orgasm from nipple play, I legit feel nothing when tou
It would be nice to assign some macros to them
[Nipple... Lights!!](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0PXsP-1MgjM/maxresdefault.jpg)
Beer
Turn off my anxiety. Turning it the other way seems to amplify it anyway, so half the job is already
For firing lazers!
Beer taps
Beer tap. 
Instant empathy with females?
Adjust the thermostat
Just gaze into my [nipples of the future.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCGFetP7zjk)
Give the man the power to grow boobs at his own will. At least with some sort of limit, so it ain't 
When both are pushed in simultaneously, 80% of the time your muscles gain 200% efficiency with no il
Tap your nipple to turn off erections.

Double tap to turn them on.
I would make it sentient so it could be my friend. 
WD-40 spray
Collapsible soup spoons
Lube dispenser 
Self destruct. But you have to tweak both of them at the same time in a certain way.
Beer dispenser.  It would make Super Bowl parties both cheaper and more interesting.
Pizza sauce out of the right and nacho cheese out of the left. 
Divining rod. Point in the direction of what ever you are searching for 

Volume knob 
Ear piercing screech when popping a boner.
another 2 buttons to start masturbation
Squeeze to provide relief from cramps, tension headaches, etc..
Press the left one for boner . Press the right one for no boner
Produce Crown Royal
Have it be like bewbs so it can jiggle
deactivate the penis

If I could just pull on my nipple to get out of an erection, I would be much b
One freeze ray, one heat ray. Could heat or chill the beverage of choice in no time. 
Can be enlarged and turned into a hand-held shield. 
When I eat to much I’d like to be able to squeeze fat out from my nipple like women do when they lac
Light switch for whatever room I was in at the time. 
LASERS!!!
Pressing them opens the service entrance to Narnia.
Lasers 
Web shooters.
Bottle opener
Lactate our $100 bills
Hawaiian Punch
x²+y²=r²
The left one would be a mute switch, the right a boner switch
airbags
Storage unit for LEGO figures
Erect-o-matic. Poke them in a specific sequence birthmarked on the bum to initiate an erection.

Not
Attract female nipple
X-ray vision.
airpod charger.
Pure Chocolate milk. Close enough to the use of a womans, but purely for the enjoyment of the spouse
Able to jump start my car.

Give more use to nipple clamps. 
Left nip is hot water, right nip is cold.
I would make the nipples lactate ramen broth, so I don't have to wait for it.
Root beer fountain 
Headlights
A defense mechanism.
Instant orgasm buttons.
Entrance to Anatomy Park
Volume control 
Dispense Draft beer
Kazoo 
The correct answer is lactating a strong IPA.
Knobs that adjust contrast and hue.
Confetti canons.  Great for parties.
Testosterone knobs. 
Laser beams
Lasers
Laser light show, like at a Pink Floyd night at the Planetarium.

But you know, from nipples.
Push on them like Nike pumps and your boobs grow to DDs.  

Twist to deflate.
beer openers. 
They now store electric charge that can be released when needed. Think of walking around in a onesie
Wifi hotspot
Sword dispenser
You mean you don’t already turn invisible when you run them? Oh... no...
Umm...  Bluetooth projectors 
Make them able to squirt out cheese
World peace
Idk about y'all but wouldn't it be cool if your nips could just shoot out venom like those snakes
lotion dispenser 
Detachable
they act as those long balloon things, you plug your nose and mouth, blow, and they lengthen. you ca
Bottle opener
They squirt beer!
What i wish would happen would definitely be for them to become a tool for us to dispel heat
Inject NFC chip, pay for stuff with mantit.
They could be like laser guns.


Holy shit, I need that
Laser beams obviously.... with "pew pew" sound.
They already have a function, they're beautiful areas of sensual pleasure
Emergency whistle.
It does have a function. It’s an erogenous zone.
a helicopter remote
Tweak them for better reception.
They should smell like sauerkraut and squirt mayonnaise.
Telescopic antennae.
Nit-picking
Lasers! Pew pew!
Strobe lights 
Print out accurate and up-to-date stock quotes
Lasers. Shoot lasers.
Tactical lasers.
Vibrates when excited, like a dog wagging a tail... Only to cause a massive wave of men feeling very
That we have sex with sheep.
I'm American-Canadian, but I live in the Netherlands.

Most people in the Netherlands don't do drugs
A lot of Americans act like we never learn about Hitler and WW2 (I am from Austria) and that it is a
That people drink alot 
Sweden: that women here are "easy" and very sexually emancipated. Especially guys from southern Euro
Yup. The Vegemite thing is very real. Was tempted to go with 'kangaroos/koalas in the back yard'. 
That the majority of Belgians speak French. Actually Dutch is the most common language.
Canadians don't live in igloos. I only sleep in mine 2 or 3 nights a week max
That people can come here and start making a ton of money right away.
That we all speak like Hugh Grant and drink tea at all times of the day.
That we always wear tartan and eat haggis.  People go to the tourist hell hole of Edinburgh and assu
My husband is from Germany, which has a lot of American media. But actors are usually good looking, 
That drop bears are NOT real (very real danger in straya) 
That we all eat Vegemite. That, or that we drink a lot. 
That we are Chechnya or Czechoslovakia
That dangerous animals are everywhere.
That we're ethnic tribes all over the country. 
None. For both of them. Long live bluegrass and flamenco.
That it’s cold all the time. We actually get really hot summers, and some parts of the country have 
Australia. That we all live in outback or bushland areas as portrayed in that episode of The Simpson
Canadians are nice and apologetic. You clearly haven't heard a newfie that has come across a minir i
That we all like samba. There are other music styles much more popular nowadays.
Canadians are nice. 
Fake plants. They represent everything I hate.
When you have to get past someone or in their personal space say "Excuse me". The amount of people t
I won't continue the conversation if you say gif as "jif"
Charmin ultra soft toilet paper is worth the money.  
People confusing silicon and silicone, particularly in journalism.  I mean come the fuck on.  One is
For me it’s foam soap > gel soap.

The whole hand washing process flows much easier imo
Punctuality. Turn up, and be ready to start on time, people!
When someone doesn't close the damn toothpaste cap. 

Ffs my sister does this and I consider her a d
If you pour water from the Brita pitcher and do not refill the pitcher afterward, you are a barbaria
Soft shell taco > hard shell taco
At my work, we technically only allow service animals but a lot of people bring in their pets anyway
Baked beans are evil and have no place on an English breakfast. Fight me.
Being around cigarette smoke. It makes me cough and it might give me cancer, but mostly I just fucki
A mix of ketchup and mayo is called fry sauce
Cover your mouth when you yawn. 
Toilet paper roll direction
People who touch [non-touchscreen] computer monitors. 

Yes, I see what you’re pointing at, Karen; y
White chocolate is not chocolate, it's just coagulated fat laced with sugar.
Gum. It’s gross.
Eggs.  The only way I'll eat them is scrambled.
Shaving the undercarriage. It shouldn't look like a Forest. Any kind of personal grooming is a must.
Once you hit 30, you shouldn’t be asking friends to help you move. Hire movers.
People confusing cellulite with cellulitis. One is ugly and one kills you. 
People in the energy business calling wind turbines "turbans"... IT'S A TUR-BINE. BIIIIIIINE.  Turba
If I let you into my lane of traffic , give me a gd courtesy wave. 
Expired billboard ads. Cuz.
Snapchat streaks are the reason I deleted Snapchat. If you’re going to distract me with a phone noti
White ‘chocolate’ isn’t chocolate. It has no cocoa in it.
People who don't replace toilet paper after the roll in finished are cave-dwelling beasts
Turn signals. They're there for a reason, yet no one uses theirs.
Chocolate is the BY FAR worst flavor of the "default" trio. It tastes like shampoo.

Vanilla and Str
A hot dog is not a fucking sandwich, Ruth.
The toilet seat and the lid should ALWAYS be down when not in use. It is fucking disgusting leaving 
Psychedelic research. 
Biotechnology. Specifically to try to find ways to stop aging. That way I can procrastinate indefini
Autoimmune diseases. I am sick of being sick
Deep water research let's see what we can find
Battery technology. If we can get higher capacity, higher stability, and less weight and size out of
Driving habits- why do people drive the way they do. Slow in passing lane, tailgate, break check, et
The best schooling system. What needs to be covered, how to run on limited resources, how to prepare
Giant Fucking gundams. Imagine a world where instead of sending millions of soldiers into battle we 
Electric planes, imagine a world where the noise level of planes are reduced.

Edit: Was thinking at
Lyme disease.  It’s worse than people think and the fucking CDC thinks it’s a damn cold.
Study the human brain. 
Sex reassignment surgery. Both for MtF and FtM.
The brain, and transgender people. Maybe gay people if I had money left over.
3D printable vaginas for mtf transgender women that get wet and work like cis vaginas. Not the other
space exploration 
Head injuries.
I'd research what makes me fuckin happy 
Just anything NASA.
Just anything NASA.
genetically engineered toilets, think a spongy pitcher plant that you can shit in 
I would research just how much happiness  $1 billion dollars could bring to myself.
I dont make good decisions like this so i would just give it all to elon musk
How to clean up after ourselves in a planetary sized way...I honestly don’t think anything is as imp
Fusion (nuclear, not Ford)
Research on VR. I need SAO to happen in real live. Games like that are my dream to play.
Understanding Women
How u/technicallyanidiot behaves when given $999,000,000.

The other million can be for overhead and
Massive research project designed to figure out just where that billion dollars went!
When does bread become toast?

Some say it's white but a bit dry, others say a nice Trump colored ta
Does Bruno Mars is gay?
Riverdale
Mrs Brown's Boys
Walking Dead.
This is us
13 Reasons Why and Riverdale.
The Big Bang theory. 
Friends, HIMYM. Initially when I watched them I loved them. But then after watching PArks and Rec, B
Grey’s Anatomy. I was a huge fan of the show when it first aired. But I think it’s time for it to en
Friends
Pretty much all sitcoms with laugh tracks. 
Adam Ruins Everything. Every time that smug prick starts talking I want to hit him in the teeth with
The Walking Dead. I realize that a lot of people like it but I just found it extremely predictable, 
Supernatural, its insanely boring to me 
The Kartrashians.
Any reality TV show
Friends. 

I just dont get it.
Westworld

&#x200B;

The acting is good though i just dislike the story and concept. 
How I Met Your Mother
I believe Family Guy is holding humanity back as a species.
Friends
The Walking Dead.
Family Guy and the Simpsons. Simpsons simply doesn't make me laugh and family Guy is Just annoyingly
The Office. If you like it, fine, but I just think it's awful.


Saturday Night Live
Game of Thrones.

On paper, I should love it but I tried it and...I can see some of the appeal but i
ITT: people who don’t understand “beloved”. 
Im ready for the downvotes, Game Of Thrones. 

In fact I actually really loves it up till S6 but s7 
Homeland
Brooklyn Nine Nine
Friends and Game of Thrones
Big Bang theory 
Mr Robot. I only gave it a few episodes but if I'm really struggling to enjoy a show after a few epi
Doctor Who.
The Office. so bad. 
Friends/HIMYM: I used to like it but then I watched Modern Family and Brooklyn99 and now I cant stan
Seinfeld. Bring on the hate but it’s just the most obnoxious bullshit. 
West world 
The Flash
Scrubs. 
Friends. 
House.
Grey's Anatomy.
To be honest I've never gotten far enough into a series to think it's shit. Shows people love that I
[deleted]
Walking dead
The Walking Dead 
Adventure Time
Sherlock
Mad Men
Stranger Things, anyone? 
GoT
Star Trek Discovery
Simpsons past its prime (let it die) Family Guy (please kill it) How I Met Your Mother, Big Bang The
Friends 
Supernatural. After some time you get tired of seeing Dean and Sam shirtless or being hot and actual
M*A*S*H.   Maybe I was too young to understand it when I first saw it, and that stuck with me, but I
Breaking Bad. It was just so heavy all the time. Got through three seasons and had to give up. 
Seinfeld. Before that, Space Above and Beyond.
House of cards. I really don’t care about all your plans to access power. 
The Big Bang theory
The Good Place
Only fools and horses
Firefly.  It’s shit that we only got one season. 
Big bang theory though i do have to say young sheldon spinoff is actually pretty charming.i used to 
Last Man Standing

Thinly veiled conservative circlejerk
The office 
The Simpsons

E - Bonus - Futurama
Parks and Rec., Friends, (after season 4), and How I Met Your Mother. The characters are just all so
Breaking Bad. I don't think it's shit and I can see why people like it, it's just not for me. Walter
Winnie the pooh
stargate and that show with the guy called sheldon. 
Basically all Reality TV shows
Any cooking competition show. I enjoy cooking shows where you actually learn about the recipes and h
Scrubs. I love medical dramas and always had Scrubs recommended to me because "it's  the most realis
Mr. Rogers. Bring on the downvotes, but he was boring to watch as a kid compared to all the other sh
Sort by controversial. 
Futurama.
Alot of people say it sucked after season 3. But it picks up again and gets juicy in season 8
I don't think it is shit per say but I do believe that the Office should have ended at the end of Se
The office 
Most popular movies/TV shows. Black Panther was dumb, and Stranger Things has terrible writing
The Battle of Polytopia. Not a recent game, but quality one nonetheless. Even has it's own subreddit
Alto's odyssey and space arena though not the latest they're quite good 
This game called ’I am innocent'.

It's like a text-based game where you receive SMSs from people an
Gumballs and Dungeons... Didnt expect it to be this good, got me hooked for about a year now.
Brawl Stars
Runescape Mobile
PUBG is the best.
r/identityv
Ultimate Ninja Blazing ( or Naruto Blazing )
Stardew Valley
Dragon Ball Legends
Fate Grand Order
Pretty addicted to Summoners War but it’s a gacha which can potentially be very dangerous on your wa
Florence 
Not really the latest but I’ve been addicted to the Arcana. The artwork is beautiful and I love all 
holedown

Shoot balls, lots of balls.
Sonic Dash and Mario Run are my favorites. Wish there were more like them 
Dragalia Lost has me hooked
I was enjoying Mortal Kombat X last month but it got repetitive so i removed it... I wished it was l
pizza. just the basic cooking game except they have good cartoony graphics and the customers are rea
Roller coater tycoon
Balloons Tower Defence 6. It's a fun game when on the go.
Clash of clan. Old is gold and I'm a goblin ;)
Risk
BitLife (you make choices to navigate your character through life)
Old school runescape and summoners war
Baseball '13
Playdead's Inside
Been on the kingdom rush series lately, some are plenty old at this point but still fun
life is a game
ITT: people not linking the name of the game to App Store/ play store   
Nintendo switch games because mobile games otherwise are cancer.
Warframe. 
While it is pretty repetitive and soo grindy, you can tell they put great work into it.
Path Of Exile
Csgo 😠
SMITE
A lot of people are mentioning free-to-play games, but here's one that's 100% free.

Battle for Wesn
Team Fortress 2
Easy one - Warframe. 

Even though everyone told them the game will fail, the devs never gave up. An
Dwarf Fortress. 
Fortnite. I don't play it, I don't like it's community, I don't like it. But for free, that game is 
League of legends
Team Fortress 2, might not be as good anymore but damn how I loved playing it
Heroes of the storm 
Doki Doki Literature Club - A seemingly regular dating sim novel with a twist
War Thunder.

You like WW2 planes/tanks/boats? Bam. There it is. There's Different control presets a
Hostel - The Killing Floor.
I’m going to punch anyone who says fortnite in the mouth
Warframe
Echo VR
Planetside 2 -MMOFPS
Its free real estate, now go check it out.
Radiator 2
Cave Story
Path of exile
Fortnite
Roe 
Do emulations count?
My niece HATED me. So, I set upon a path to make her love me. First, I started bringing her blueberr
All my plants are thriving. 
I learned how to ride a bike with reversed steering
I fixed the seat adjuster switches in my car by myself with super glue and patience and it doesn't l
I nearly killed myself being addicted to K2/Spice and I’ve been clean of it for 3 years.
I have a damn good MW2 Pit Run and still practice it when I get bored.
Being able to pull my fingers all the way back to the top of my hand and pop my shoulders out of pla
Recharging Air horn as weapon with trademark weapon perk and irritating trait in Death Road to Canad
Getting 324 upvotes on my first post ever
Got my first nuclear on Black Ops 4 last night lol
Over the las 5 years I managed to rebuild myself into someone relatively likeable while consolidatin
Run for any distance without actually getting tired or experiencing other side effects. 
Double jump
Find a purpose 
Restore health
"Oh boy, I got a nasty bullet shot wound. No worries! With this trusty bandage, I'll recover at leas
Make $$$
Being attractive.  
Come back to life. 
Walking normally while carrying literal tons of things
Climb shit
murder
Heal after being shot/stabbed.

Fuck the ER; just stand behind a wall for 5-10 seconds.
Snowboarding. First time I tried irl I thought, “I’ve played 1080, this will be easy!” 

*Extremely 
Carrying 273 battered clipboards
Get the girl 
Farm
Find a mushroom and expect to instantly grow.
Level up
Shooting a moving target in the head. In real life, people are trained to shoot for center mass for 
Get rich. Doesn't matter if it's Red Dead Redemption or Skyrim, by the time you finish the game you'
Roll. Like I know there are parkour people who can do that stuff, but even they are damaging their j
Take a sniper round to the chest
Cast magic missle.
Up Up Down Down Left Right Left Right B A Start
Win.
Pick up any skill necessary to do the mission 
Run all the time
Going to the gym everyday. 
Romance
Know the outcome of each dialog option.
Build walls. 
Jump 10 feet in the air vertically from a stationary position. 
Aim a weapon
Being extremely proficient in weapons recently obtained, especially if the player character is a civ
Be in shape
Eat an entire potato.
Grind for objectives
Start a conversation with people.
Climb ladders and not fall off. Usually it says something like press f or e to climb and youre locke
Change the settings.
Reloading a gun in like a second
Sleep for the desired amount of time. 
Stop and consider your choice of replies before answering a question. 
Kill a bunch of people and get away with it
note: I said "super difficult" not "impossible"
Appreciate the main character 
Carry a zillion things at once. Including multiple guns.
Run like an Olympic distance runner all the way from Northrend to Booty Bay without even once stoppi
Fly
Run long distances 
slaying alduin. as far as i know, nobody's done it in real life yet.
Steal a car. In GTA you can just walk up to someone's car and toss them out of it, or hot wire the i
Talk to strangers.
Smashing wood. Wooden crates are way more sturdy irl than in games.
Changing your difficulty.
Save, mess up, and then re-load. 
Holding a gun completely still while holding it in shooting stance.
Sleeping by pressing a button or walking up to a bed. The amount of times I've laid in bed for 2+ ho
Kill people and get away with it.
Fast-traveling. 
Escape from the cops and then they forget about your crimes about a minute later. 
Walk long distances
Double jump
Drifting while driving
Glitches. They do exist in really but rarely anyone shares the cheat code
Scale buildings
Getting your hat to transform you into things.
Disarm a bomb
Respawning. So far just Jesus has done it.
Fly
Talk to people you don't know
Find love
Make a fire.
Respawn
Get a 1-Up item.
Sleep.
Sleep on command 
Cheat codes.
Inhale enemies
Cast magic spells that work
Jumping anything higher than two feet.

All these games have them jumping up over ledges and one hop
Be two dimensional 
Die
Make money
Becoming more productive when consuming mushrooms. 
Climb walls, jump from building to building, build up friendships.
Running everywhere and jumping over everything

You would be drenched in sweat in minutes
Shooting a bank to get money 
........
....
.
.
.
That's how mafia works 
Make friends
Fishing
Sleep. I'd kill for that Bathesda sleep mechanic in real life.
Crouch-Running. 
Climbing walls/double jumping on walls
Respawn.
Drop slide
Everything.

Even walking.
never met a real-life person who's been able to carry hundreds of items in their backpack, one of wh
Smash a big ass greatsword from Dark Souls.
Rez after dying
Jump off a cliff 
Make a mistake and reloading the previous save. 
Using a heavy melee weapon efficiently
Respawn
Get free cars or falling from 100 km in the air and falling in water,without being hurt or dieing.
Talk to girls
When you die you just come back to life not far from the place you died.
Wavedashing

Eating 200 cheese wheels in a minute
Becoming level 35: boss.
Find a job, and get raises 
Keeping your aim perfectly steady, no wobble, with any sniper rifle looking through a 12x optic whil
Climbing walls
Driving away any car I see on the road.
Walk ofc
Come back to life
Killing a person.

Also running from cops
Dying to become alive again 
Start over
Sleep 8 hours
Literally everything!
Run :(
Extra life.
Run everywhere at full speed all the time.
Carrying 1000 items all by yourself
Swimming around and going back to running is no big at all in video games, like no one cares to see 
Have muscle tone. 
Reloading a firearm while running... or standing still for that matter. I've always thought instead 
Tell friends from enemies.
jump
Participate.
Resurrect.
Reboot yo shit!
Respawning at checkpoint after you die.
Talk to literally anyone you come across 
Rolling in heavy armour
Pick locks
Carry the burden of life without sleeping and shitting
Gulping down 20 cans of dog food with some water you found in a puddle then not shitting. Ever.
Rocket jump, tried it once and unfortunately died.
Double jump. 
In the eighth grade we were discussing bathroom habits because that’s what 14 year olds do(??). I me
I had problems waking up for school all throughout high school and I'd also have trouble falling asl
When I was a little kid I used to eat the cupcake wrappers because my brother played a trick on me, 
Wasn’t until I was in middle school, I think 7th grade, that I realized that not everyone’s parents 
Standing up to wipe
I’ve always through of letters and numbers having gender and personalities. I thought everyone did t
Isolating myself from everyone 
I'm a lucid dreamer and thought that everyone could control their dreams. Apparently that's not the 
Remembering someone's eye color.

Found out when chatting with some friends once about their friend 
Not me, but a few weeks ago a friend of mine mentioned how crazy it was that he saw someone eating a
Obsessing over sin and whether or not I was going to go to hell (strict Christian upbringing)
Periods with cramps severe enough to leave me bedridden and mood swings severe enough to leave me su
poop knife...
Alien trap incest porn 
Ketchup on mashed potatoes I thought fries are potatoes mashed potato is potato why not put ketchup 
When I moved in with my boyfriend, now husband, he once asked me why I threw away used toilet paper 
I'm slightly double-jointed - I can turn my right arm around so it points towards my back. I just di
Peeing during shower
Wanting to be a girl instead of a boy.

Then I found out it wasn't normal after my parents said some
Cheese on apple pie, also mayonnaise on hot dogs.  Apparently those are both common in certain regio
I wipe back to front. Since finding out that's apparently weird(I get why for women but dunno why fo
ice in chocolate milk
Forced premature ejaculation. I honestly thought it was just a normal male climax until somebody exp
I didn't realize that my preoccupation with death was abnormal until a counselor informed me that he
Making pizza from regular slices of white bread using a toaster oven
whipping your ass with just one square 
Chronic back pain.. ugh 
Ketchup with Pizza
"Owning a poop knife"

A fellow Redditor 
Mayo on burgers with everything on them 
Wanting to die
That certain foods made my throat and ears itch and sometimes hard to breathe..... Learned in colleg
Telling some one if you have hiv. Apparently people with hiv don’t think you should have to share th
hating kids
Unequal gender pay.  We were told as children that men who worked and had families deserved more mon
Having to poop once a month.
Ghosts. 

I grew up in a house that was utterly riddled with paranormal activity. I assumed this was
declaring war on the my friend after he kicked my ass. 
Drinking soup with a straw
Me and a group of friends were talking about how we arrange clothes, and I'm a madman for hanging my
[deleted]
Quickly licking my fingers after eating something greasy/ salty. Happend to me at the movies about a
Poop knife. 
 A guy I know constsantly looked so tired and napped all the time during the day. He would nap so ha
A guy I went to high school with got shot and killed for 300$ worth of weed. I cut ties with a lot o
I had a picture of me at a hockey game and saw I had a double chin.  Got more active since and have 
I got t-boned by a person that ran a red light, and this made me realize that all the things I've be
Realising that my marriage was over. 

My soon to be ex was possessive over me, he hated me speaking
No single event. No dramatic story. Just being so sick of the way I was living that I wanted to make
It was basically a mix of things that happened within the same few weeks:

\- I found out my partner
Just under two years ago, my nan died. This pushed me to quit the job I had and hated, even though I
Haven't reached that point yet. I'll let you know when I do, if I do.
Jump into Elon Musk's body,  transfer half a million dollars to my name. 
Natalie Portman, and... you know...
Bill Gates. Transfer his wealth to my name
A paraplegic to get a better grasp on how lucky I am to be healthy
My childhood bully and start punching myself in the face full force for the whole 5 minutes.
Trump and kill myself
Trump and I'd legalize weed everywhere maaan
Trump and shave my head, then i'd resign. 
A female porn star, having sex. I want PiV sex sooo bad.
The existential crisis I had almost every night was ruining my sleeping pattern. So I found a religi
The only people answering this were never atheists
Studied religion to learn what called people to religion (despite the actions or behavior of the col
My friend said it was an great way for his family to be introduced and be active in their community.
ITT: anti-religion people with superiority complexes emerge to trash people who found comfort in bel
I’m not really religious in the sense that I go to church or proselytize or anything like that, but 
Disgruntled atheists on the loose in the comments. Beware lol
I experienced [ego death](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ego_death) during a very intense psychedelic
I saw my great uncle who was wheelchair bound get healed and never use a wheelchair the rest of his 
My journey looking into physics stuff I ended in believing that we must be in a simulation. That bri
[deleted]
My friend is not getting a paycheck
I do assessment for financial institutions, I have to do research that sometimes needs to come from 
It makes me very, very sad to realize how sideways the government is. Here, we have a shutdown for f
Well I don’t have a clue when next I will be paid.....so I went extreme and trimmed my own bangs.  I
He promised to shut the government down? I missed that campaign promise. I do remember when he said 
Well, your tax return is going to be delayed.
I’m a researcher. I’m very worried about my funding from the NSF. My PhD legitimately depends on it.
To be honest, it doesn't really change my life. I have to travel next week, so maybe TSA will be lac
Get to see liberals melt because a president is doing what he said he was going to do. Beautiful.
Diet Coke
Cigarettes and chocolate. 
Pocket knives
Underwear. Sure it would be uncomfortable without, but to say I *need* it goes to far.
Steam games on sale, I don't think I've played even half of the games in my steam library. 
Books. Currently, I have 385 unread books and I still want more 
Reece's peanut butter trees
Shoes. One day I will find the holy grail...
Yarn. There is no way that I will be able to knit and crochet my way through my current stash before
Coffee.
Pizza. Gief meh pizza. 
Lies
Apple juice
Bath bombs. I rarely bath but they are so pretty and nice and smell good.
Underwear. I have a meundies subscription and just wont cancel it.
Ubisoft games 
Drugs 
Cigarettes for sure
Plaid shirts <3
r/headphones
hookers
Fifis.
Cocaine 
Citrus Altoids. Those were awesome. And sour.
The stone henge, I want one in my yard.
Clearly Canadian.
NES 
Guacamole Doritos
This backpack by ll bean. Commuter ballistics backpack. My dream :(   
PB & Banana greek frozen yogurt from B&J’s. Damn them for discontinuing it, I hate bananas and greek
Delorean DMC 12
To promote T2: Judgment Day in the early 90s, they created an extremely sour T1000 candy.  It was pr
Minecraft in its old pre 1.8 days
Mountain Dew ultraviolet. 
Mars Bar Delights 
Altoids Sours.
Chips Ahoy made root beer float flavored cookies. They were delicious. 

Every time I walk down the 
Crystal Pepsi
Quisp, cereal of the gods. 
Stride cinnamon gum
Coconut lime verbena shampoo/conditioner from Bath & Body...best scent ever
Jello Pudding Pops
Amazon fire earbuds. I have one pair left. I feel like these are the best cheap earbuds that work wi
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pudding Pies. Those things were like crack and meth combined into a sup
Turkey twizzlers. Fuck you Jamie Oliver! 
Fortnite dual pistols
The mc donalds dipping sauce from rick and morty, idk how to spell it
Schezwan Sauce "burps" Morty!
The Gwyneth Paltrow of The Talented Mr Ripley was divine. She freaks me the fuck out now.

EDIT: Mor
I grew up with the music of R Kelly. Now I strongly believe in hearing all the facts but theres just
Sammy Sosa.  

Thought the world of him as a Cubs fan.  Total let down now.  
Bill Cosby - as a child of the 80’s who is also from Philly, Cosby was a huge hero in my eyes. Now h
Katy Perry. Huge fan back into her Teenage Dream/Prism days. Now shes totally insane and can't put o
Kevin Spacey :(
Melanie Martinez- not about the drama, just not into her music anymore.
Johnny depp, he just stopped fucking trying after Pirates
Ian Watkins (as in the former singer of Lostprophets).

They were one of my favourite bands as a tee
Jared Leto used to adorn my bedroom walls. Now... He's just really blooming annoying. 
Jared Leto. I used to be a huge fan of 30 Seconds to Mars but I dislike how all band members despite
Lance Armstrong.  
Michael Jordan. Too many stories of him being a gigantic arsehole.
Lilly Singh. 

Was not a die hard fan but used to enjoy her content back in the day until I realized
Dunno about a die hard fan but I can no longer stand Tom Cruise 
Anyone into Scientology
Chris Benoit - my idol growing up, he was this silent badass who out wrestle everyone every night. I
Jeremy Piven. I really liked some of his early adult work. PCU still cracks me up and I enjoyed his 
Mark Saling. I wasn't exactly die-hard, but I liked him a lot. Glee was a show that helped me get th
Guillermo del Toro, Jodie Foster, Natalie Portman, and Kate Winslet all came out as pro-Roman Polans
MatPat. Theories went downhill around 2015, and now I have no respect for the guy.
He's not all *that* famous anymore, but I was very briefly a huge fan of Andy McNab, a Special Air S
Orson Scott Card. Ender’s Game was my favorite book as a kid, and I devoured all of his other works 
J.K. Rowling. I still love Harry Potter, but I definitely do not respect her anymore.
Russel Brand. When I was a teenager his shtick seemed edgy and cool. Now that I’m an adult I see him
Tom Delonge. Blink were such a massive part of my childhood and adolescence, but watching him espous
B.O.B 


he could have been one of the best rappers around but he somehow fell off after his 2nd alb
Billy Corgan.  I was huge fan of the Pumpkins back in the 90s, especially the fuzzed guitar sound.  
Madonna *sigh*
Amanda Palmer.

She crowdfunded a million dollars by promoting artists, then asked artists to work f
Elisabeth Moss, once I found out that she’s a scientologist.
Neil deGrasse Tyson fucked up Cosmos and talks over people more qualified to discuss topics than him
Grew up liking Steven Segal because i always loved aikido and the fluid motion of it, he was such a 
Dan Harmon. Used to idolize him, then he went on several rants on his podcast about how he perceives
Aung San Suu Kyi
I use to really like Onision on YouTube around the time that he did his I'm a banana song. Stopped w
A famous Dutch/Belgian chef (I’m quite into cooking and baking). He’s incredibly talented (received 
Morrissey. I was obsessed with him. But some of the stuff he’s said in recent years just doesn’t sit
Tyler Oakley. I used to really like his videos, now he's just boring. 
Sean Connery.  Saw an interview where he talked about how he's hit his wife, and how "they need it n
Bill Nye. After the dumpster fire that was bill Nye saves the world, a show I was looking forward to
Used to enjoy Seth Macfarlane's work, now not so much. 
Johnny Depp 
Kevin Spacey. Always wanted to direct films and he was just such a great actor, then he pulled a big
Elon Musk. As an aspiring engineer I really looked up to him and still respect what he does but afte
I’ve told this on Reddit before but Henry Rollins.  I used to be a big fan of his, even once driving
Mark Wahlberg
Kevin Sorbo.

Hercules the Legendary Journeys is the TV show of my childhood and I still replay it i
Elizabeth Gilbert, author of Eat, Pray, Love.  She divorced husband #1, goes on an inspirational jou
I don't know if this counts here, but I used to like this Christian band called Petra. I met their d
Jennifer Lawrence. Had a huge crush on her when Hunger Games came out and as I grew up a little bit 
Phil Anselmo from Pantera.
Huge fan of the band. In his prime arguably one of the greatest voices in
Taylor Swift. 
Loved her when she just came out and was doing country.

Now she just seems so mean a
I used to respect and admire De Niro so much as an actor, but now he seems to be doing a Nic Cage ca
Ray Rice. Absolutely loved the dude for what he did on and off the field for the Ravens and Baltimor
Wasn’t ever a fan, but respected him playing NFL Frank Gore Runningback at the time was with the SF 
Ted Nugent.

And you know why.
When I was a child, Christopher Columbus. Here's a guy who made our lives possible, traveled great l
Ethan Klein from H3H3 Productions

After seeing how he treats his “guests” on his podcast where he j
Johnny Depp.  I mean, how did he go down so fast?
Louis C.K. 
Neil Degrasse Tyson
It's one thing to be incorrect, but to force incorrect information down people's
Chevy Chase
Mel Gibson for very public reasons
Will Smith, but now not so much.   
feel like he has become to much, he wanna show of everything he 
Probably 50% of succesful British comedians. They become flavour of the month, then appear on everyt
Oscar Pistorius
Not a die hard fan, but fuck Chuck Berry. I won't even listen to one of his songs anymore. 
Drake, scary pedo
Drake
Scott Adams (the Dilbert cartoonist). Didn’t follow his blog for a few years and looks like he went 
Bruce Willis
Wasn't really a huge fan of JK herself ever, but I like Harry Potter.
With what she's been up to on 
Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hours before the end of his term as California’s governor, he granted clemenc
Leafyishere
Jim Carrey
I wasn’t a die hard fan of Elon Musk but I still thought he was pretty cool. I’ll still buy one of h
Bill Cosby.

At one time, he could do no wrong. He was the embodiment of greatness, especially in th
Russell Brand weirdly enough. Used to think he was very attractive in high school and loved his stan
Mel Gibson. I’m Jewish.
Taylor Swift.
Kanye West.  I still think he makes great music, but his views are so god awful that I really don’t 
miley cyrus
Jon jones
Lance Armstrong.
I used to be a fan of Angelina Jolie because of humanitarian work(and movies too) but since the mess
Elon Musk. For the past 2 or 3 years he was great and doing amazing stuff nut the past year he screw
Kevin Spacey

Meryl Streep

DeNiro


They all lost their fucking minds.
Louis CK. Why the FUCK do comedians have to be such asshats
10th grade me thought Sean Hannity was the smartest guy in the world. That opinion... Did not age we
Paul Stanley from KISS
Mark Wahlberg
Can I say Bill Cosby? Bill Cosby Himself is one of the greatest standup specials of all time but it’
I was never a die hard fan but Jim Carrey. 

After he and Jenny McCarthy started that anti-vaxxer bu
Donald Trump. I got introduced to him through his bullshit Art of the Deal book because it was a sum
Kevin from Walk the Moon. He was my favorite from my favorite band and then he turned out to be a to
Robert De Niro he's just so hateful now. I don't mind people with an opposing  political view but yo
Wasnt a die hard fan, but definitely Pewdiepie. 
Lance Armstrong. 
Oscar Pistorius. I'm still heartbroken.
Bruce Willis was an idol when I was younger but all the stories over the last decade do NOT paint hi
Tiger Woods. I was in awe of his golf ability until it came out that he was cheating on his wife and
Maynard James Keenan. I hate his disdain for the fans, and it's really turned me off his music.
Steven Tyler. Idc about the music, the shit he did early on in his career was so fucked up. It’s ine
Wasn't die hard  but i liked angela gossow she used to sing for a metal band arch enemy she now mana
Jk Rowling she just made random statements that could change the whole harry potter series
Kat von D.

Totally lost faith in her after she decided not to vaccinate her child, and a selfish th
Maynard James Keenan. The only one I can even think of actually. The intense boot licking and rape a
Car guys
guys who hold fish in their profile photos on social media
Centaur bois
Car guys. They will constantly talk about cars. Makes sense though, since there are horse powers in 
Sword boys, i.e. guys that just have collections of swords, knives, or other stabby things. I heard 
Privately schooled Rugby players
Speaking as a horse guy, horse guys. We do exist lol. 
Cow boys?
Bike boys.

Smelly, tight ass, loves leather and riding dangerous beasts, have an affinity with othe
I can live with car guys, but damn yeah sometimes they are really anthropomorphizing. Fish Boys, on 
Mountain bike boys
Are we talking girls that are horse enthusiasts or that weird anthropomorphized horse girl Anime fro
Pro Wrestling boys. Or guys who have cars as their profile pic.
the shove-religion-down-your-throat boys
Fish guy, lol.
Horse guys 
Alexa, what are horse girls?
[deleted]
The monster drinking, confederate apparel wearing, tobacco chewing, lifted truck driving guys 
Dirtbike guys
Jeep owners.  Especially if they have one of those stupid "It's a jeep thing . . ." bumper stickers.
Civil war re-inaction 
Truck guys.
War boys, especially the world Wars 
I’m willing to settle at “Vehicle people”
If we’re looking for the opposite gender stereotype on dating sites.....

I’d say it’s a solid Tie b
Young rich golf bros. 
Guys who take photos with fish
fedora guys
Ass mans
First reaction: you mean mares? I guess the opposite is a stud or gelding... Totally over my head lm
Soccer boys
creepypasta guys
Cowboys, duh. 
How about the fuckin guys in my hometown who get together after hours in the Target parking lot with
Golf boys 
ROTC guys; they just have weird energy.
Guys that love throwing a stars and swords 
Redditors
sheep boys
I’m a damn idiot. At first I didn’t understand and was going to put centaurs. 
What even is a horse girl?

&#x200B;

Is that a female centaur?
Unicorn boys
Neckbeards.  
Reptile guy
Civil War reenactors. 
OK in my defense I didn't know 'horse girls' were a thing. 

When I first read this my answer was, "
Thought this was referring to ”Uma Musume Pretty Derby".
Now I'm disappointed.
Gun dudes
I'm a degenerate. I immediately thought of "horse girls" as in anime girls who have horse characteri
Bronies, of course!
horse guys
I know everyone is *so* into 100% equality, but, I'll say it: There is no male equivalent of horse g
Thankfully he had a private room, but I heard a lot of giggling at night. A lot of weird implication
for my generation it was dbz fans. and/or magic players.
Motor heads.
Airplane boys
Horse men?
Knife guys- Guys that can talk about the knife they got/want, the maker of said knife, and company i
We talkin SJP, or women that love horses? 

Women love the horse, and men love their power. In the e
Get into the Barney suit selling business.
Run around naked during the super Bowl

When the cops are close turn invisible

Get out of the stadi
This is so specific. Probably like robberies though. You go into a store and the cctv catches you lo
Seems pretty useless, I  probably wouldn’t use it unless  I’m a public place and see someone I used 
When does the day start?  Whenever that is, midnight, dawn, whatever, I'd appear soon before the nex
Step one: move somewhere they don't let people have guns. 
Step two: appear to people in their homes
Considering Barney Stinson has an amazing suit collection it would be 
Legend-wait for it-dary 

Pro
To scare people who are afraid of purple dinosaurs
I would use it to terrify bad children in stores.
So the Barney suit materialises on me at the end of 5 minutes? I'd sneak into secure locations ~11:3
get invisible before going to work, no need to dress
Use that time to jack off at home 5 mins is more than enough ;(
Host kids surprise parties for Barney lovers 
To take a shit secretly.
Sneak into sports games, lay down in the middle of the play grounds, just to confuse people.
Guacamole. 

My mom tried to push it on me so much as a child that I convinced myself that it must b
reddit
Penis
I was in Dubai airport on a 5hr layover, it’s 3am so only Burger King is open. I’m sat grumpily tryi
Zip lining....I hate the chest flutter of free fall. It’s more like sliding down a railing. Next thi
Sushi!
About 17 years ago when the Harry Potter books and movies were huge. I used to make fun of my cowork
 Back before I was 17 I used to swear I’d never use the word “y’all”. It sounded so uncivilized and 
Biscuits and sausage gravy.
Though to be fair, as a Brit that emigrated to the US, there are a lot o
Anal. 
I saw my friend salt her burrito after each bite and I thought "thats so excessive and gross". She i
I thought gardening was for grandmas. Man, I was so stupid.

I now am converting my useless lawn int
Farmville in 2009... never forget
yoga
RuneScape 
Weezer 
Cheesecake. It sounded so disgusting and then after trying it, it’s my favorite dessert. 
Coffee. Still have to have it froofy, but it's definitely a treat instead of an abomination now. 
Dungeons and Dragons.
Getting tattooed
Not believing in God. When you’re young and go to a Lutheran elementary school and a Baptist church 
Polo shirts, never liked the way they looked on people but then I got one for work in the summer, an
Carbonated water
Teaching.

In college studying math, everyone asks, "Are you going to be a teacher?" and I swore it 
Minecraft in my younger days. Thought it was the most retarded shit at first then I started playing 
Roblox years ago
JeJe's Curious Journey
Cigarettes :(
Mayo
Estrogen
Mustard. For years I couldn't even tolerate the smell of it. (To be fair, I was only ever really exp
Pegging
Anime
A butt plug
I hated shirts. That was until I got a nice shirt that actually fit. Now I have at least 15 shirts. 
Meditation 

My word the mental clarity you get doing so is life changing. 
Avocado 
Skinny jeans
Pineapple on pizza. I was part of the "Pineapple doesn't go on pizza" bandwagon, but my gf made me t
Harry Potter. I was in the prime age group for the books (finished high school in 2007), but my mom 
T.L.C shows
fish cakes.
Sourcream. Very basic, I know.
Reddit 
Horseradish. It’s not so much the smell as it is the fumes. You need to learn to stop breathing whil
Feel It Still by Portugal the Man. 
Indian food.  
Quitting drinking
Cilantro
Broccoli. 
Big Mouth on Netflix. The trailers and animation eeked me out and I refused to watch it at first. Th
Salt and Vinegar chips
Nice bar soap. My whole life, I had used crappy bar soap (thanks, parents) or shower gel. But, wow, 
Grilled asparagus, looked repulsive and apparently made your pee smell bad, but god damn is it absol
Learning the Arabic language.

I started taking an Arabic class last semester on a whim because it f
Dungeons and Dragons
Watching The Office. Biggest addiction of my life. 
Crazy Rich Asians.  I got tricked into watching it when it was on at a nail salon.  It ended up bein
Same-sex dates.
Pokémon go. 
Fortnite
Fuckin sushi 
Shrimp and grits
Techno music. Wouldn't listen to it because my stoner sister liked it. 
Gambling. 
Definitely La Croix
Radiohead.
Instagram...  although I’m not crazy addicted. I’ve managed to keep away from Snapchat. It’s not tha
Dating sims before I tried them I was steadfast in believing that they were for lonely people that n
Going to church! I'm not religious. I think there's absolutely nothing when you go, but I find a cer
beans

I don't know why, but I always thought they would taste disgusting. But a few weeks ago I act
Whipped cream. 
Anytime I’d see it on commercials and in my house it was always on fruit like strawb
Up until a few days ago, I HATED sweet potato pie. My aunt made one for me, but she didn't know. I p
Chocolate. Absolutely hated it until I was 10 and I got a chocolate letter from a friend. Thought I 
Pumpkin Spiced Lattes. I’m a 22 year old guy, had some time in between classes one day and decided t
Anal. 
drugs
Cigarettes.
Watching a jk Rowling movie.    Saw the crimes of grindenwald and it was pretty good.   Still no des
Chineese food
Harry Potter movies (I've only watched 3 so far).

&#x200B;

Smoking (though, dont know if I can say
wheat bread
Sushi
Metal Music and Horror Movies
Eggnog
Sounds crazy but Guacamole, the texture and color always erked me and then last year I was very into
peanut butter
When i was a kid i'd say coffee. Now though kind of hard to go without.
Ketchup, i hated the smell when i was younger. I tried it at 17 and its alright.
Sushi. I regret not eating sushi until 26.
Roller Coasters 
Pokemon. 5th grade me was weird.
I was always a cat person and considered them superior to all other pets. I had two cats so far.

No
Marmite. 
Red Bull
Using CSS. Like literally... just CSS. Not HTML. Just CSS. I like CSS now.
Yoga. 
I suck at it, but I really love it.
Overwatch - I pretty much never play multiplayer modes of other games (I buy COD for single player),
Parsnip wine
Spear fishing 
Minecraft
Sushi
League of legends and cigarettes. League of legends I have pretty much stopped. Cigarettes not so mu
Avocado
Brocoli
Going to beach on vacation. I hated the weather and the sand on my ass... but suddenly it is not so 
Lord of the Rings, video games, Reddit... I don’t know what my younger self was thinking.
Rescuing spiders. 
Massages. I always thought it was weird for a stranger to rub you down. Swore I would never get one.
Lettuce
Sushi 
wasabi, Self Harm, black coffee, The Beatles (I used to hate them), petting dogs.
Keurig kcups coffee
Coffee
Vaping
coconut water. I hate coconut flavor anything. However, cold coconut water is oddly refreshing and i
corduroy
Running. I took up distance cycling for my asthma, but swore I’d never run. Then the marathon bombin
Alcohol.
Fried rice and egg rolls. I only ever had them at Chinese buffet restaurants until I married my wife
The only thing that comes to mind off-hand is TV shows. I remember seeing really bad doctor ones, an
Scamming stupid people
ass hole
Alcohol 
Firehouse subs, I didn't go there for so long because of how crappy subway and Quiznos were. Then I 
Sushi. I hated fish, and the thought of eating raw fish was ... less than appealing. Then I finally 
Smoking. I don’t do it regularly but have smoked enough while drunk to sorta like the horrible smell
Twitter. Its a toxic environment, but with so many people using it to tweet their news (mainly video
Veganism
Watching Friends 
Collecting amiibo
Clash Royale
My younger brother played it a lot and I just thought it was stupid, but then out of cu
Kink
Having sex with other dudes 
Anal sex.
Deviled eggs. They smell like farts. Then I tried one. 
Spaghetti... for whatever reason ketchup made makes me retch (or tomatoes in general with the except
Mustard.
Ranch. 
Yoga
Video games. I was in that camp that games were just violence and time wasters. Then Kingdom hearts 
Anime.

To be fair, I was a huge Dragonball Fan but that was the only Anime I would watch. I just co
Miraculous Ladybug 
Undertale
Sushi! I had so much trouble coping with the idea of raw fish being edible. Ended up trying lox and 
Vine, first thought was "7 second videos? That's fucking stupid" boy was I wrong
la croix
My friend
Tuna. Just kinda wanted it one day and was like “oh I guess I like this now”
Coffee. I loathed it for years until very recently when I had an urge for it out of the blue. Now it
Country music.
Onions
Tinder
Giving blowjobs 
Naruto
World of Warcraft? Anyone?
Avocados and any dish with fish in it. I now love avocados and am still really picky at how I eat fi
Cheese
Anime
Modifying my car.. Oh how I've gone down a hole.
Poached eggs. They looked vile they were just too shiny, too perfect, too fake looking. Turns out an
gacha games
Shark fin soup. I know it's bad, but I tried it once during a wedding and it tasted great. Only ate 
Sex with a trap. That's when I learned that it doesn't matter if it's a guy or girl; cute is cute. 
Yoga. I thought it was just for hippies but it gives you a lot of focus.
Anime
Cocaine isn't a drug. 
I see you dodged the obvious answer there. 
superhero movies. Now I'm totally into the MCU.
Fortnite 
Porn
Sex. 
Communism
Starbucks. Never tried it ever until Wife happened. Now I love fufu coffee. 
Roast beef
r/prequelmemes 
Coffee
Anal
Hentai
SAO abridged. Hated SAO, assumed it would be equally as bad.
Fortnite.



Lmao jk, it's still shit
Anime. I used to make fun of people who watched anime, and then I saw a few good ones. Taught me to 
Minecraft.

It's actually soothing af and fun to play.
anime, no real story behind it, just wound up liking anime after not watching it for years.
Electronic music.
Avocados. 

I was just dead set with the idea that they looked disgusting and I didn't need any of t
Existing outside my mother’s womb. 
Anal
Basketball. It really is a lot of fun and I never played in high school because instead of gym I pla
Furry porn. Some of it is really good...
I always got into trends late (i.e. dabbing, digit spinners, etc. [this was when it was popular]), s
WoW. People kept bugging me to play it after it had just came out and I staunchly refused, it didn't
Torchwood!
Sushi
Eating olives.
Fullmetal Alchemist (not proud of this, either. It’s fucking fantastic)
Ice Cream.

Yeah.

Ice Cream.
K-pop. My boyfriend is from Korea and I knew nothing about Korea so I Googled it and I found BTS. No
Sucking dick
Anime
Watching porn. 
Ranch dressing 
Gloomy Sunday. I used to be afraid to listen to it, due to the urban legends. 

Eventually, I came u
Vegan food. The "vegan meat" idea doesn't sit well with me but I've had some very tasty vegan meatba
Purple rice. 
Dick... good ol’ dick
Mayo and ketchup on fries. Delicious
Duck patè
Extratone.
I first heard it and hated it because it wasn't a good example of the genere/bad song to 
Sour Cream and sweet chilli sauce on wedges
Audiobooks.  I’m a hardcore reader and it seemed so silly and like watching tv instead of reading.  
Going to spin class
Blue cheese. 

Couldn’t stand the smell of it for years, someone told me ‘ignore the smell and just 
I've always been a "only ketchup" person on a cheeseburger as far as condiments go. I sauteed onions
Durian.

Hated it as a kid. Stunk up the whole refrigerator. Hated that my grandma ate that. But aft
Different types of music. That shit was harder to start than drugs.
Anime, Yuri on Ice won me over.
Fallafal 
Napping 
Reddit.
Houmous.
Being vegan.

I was one of those "I eat steak RAW bc it's SO GOOD and you're a big smug pussy if you
Tattoos!

 when i was a little boy thought tattoos were a bad thing, something for criminals.

now i
Your mother.
Probably going to get shit for this, but vaping. Started doing it to quit smoking. So far, so good.
Sushi, mayo, avocado, mushrooms, smoking, wine, beer, a threesome
La Croix
Leggings. I thought they were so weird when  they first started coming back in the early 2000s. Now 
Reddit.

Vegan food(note:I'm still against it for anything other than ethical or allergy reasons bec
Anal
D r U g s
My girlfriend
Infidelity. 
Dungeons and Dragons. Holy crap, it's fun!
heroin
I'd tell you, but I forgot what I wanted to say
Used to waste a lot of time. Where have we seen this guy before? He looks familiar. Whats his name? 
Me getting told answers on tests right as I’m going to do them from people who did the test and forg
I don't remember
I’m still living in the past
I keep losing my keys:/
I always lose my things and tend to forget stuff during tests even though I spent a lot of time stud
When it first started to happen for me, I was terrified. My psychiatrist even put me on some medicin
Can you repeat that?
I try to...
I forgot the question already 
Had someone use it against me ಠ_ಠ  Person totally gaslighted me, made me think I was going insane.  
Sorry, what was the question? 
What was the question again? (Shouldve put a serious tag on)
I can't hold a job that requires short term memory moments. Office work.. not likely to happen for m
Forgetting things I need to do for work
It's just the fact that I can never argue with anyone about past mistakes because I know that 90% of
The thread is basically filled with jokes so I'll skip mine in favour of a truthful answer. It makes
Forgot to masturbate for four hours.
I prefer coffee when it's cold 
Fried chicken.
Apple pie IMO
I think pizza is fucking delicious when cold 
garlic bread!
Turkey
Leftover pork chops
Pudding
Y'all ever had some cold sloppy joe (on a regular, not-cold bun)?

It's just as good, if not better,
Chocolate
Pizza
kebab meat. 
Pasta. I don't know why, but I have a thing for cold pasta with a little bit of salt and parmesan. 
Tea, given how most of the world drinks it. 
Brownies
Salmon 
Fried chicken.
Kfc chicken. 
Pork fried rice with sweet and sour chicken

Practically saved my life during a particularly bad col
Prime Rib
Pigs in blankets. The UK version.
Coffee, but only if it's on purpose
Watermelon tea is only good cold for me.
Crumbs
Oh, and pepitos de lomo. And/or serranitos. We're talking about food, right?
Roast lamb
Garlic sesame noodles - possibly with some peanut sauce
Sausage rolls. Most of my mates prefer them hot but I love them when they’re straight out of the fri
Mac N Cheese
Peanut Butter cookies are better out of the freezer than when hot out the oven. Recent discovery.
PIZZA
Pizza!! Cold pizza for breakfast omg 😍 
Apple pie
I eat panettone raw.

To some, this is akin to eating raw chicken, but I like it as a cake and disli
sometimes i think burgers taste a bit better stale
Lo mein. Beyond a shadow of a doubt. 
cold toast with butter on it is bomb, the butter doesn't melt into the bread and make it all greasy
Pizza
French fries...... ( ͡ʘ╭͜ʖ╮͡ʘ)
Sake. Higher quality sake is usually served cold while cheaper or older sake is usually served warm.
Lobster and crab
chili
Arby's beef sandwiches
Lelitcoolalilbit. Pweeze.
Much the same as it is now... Offer my (potential) mate a token of food and drink, upon acceptance I
I’m pretty good at throwing food up in the air and catching it in my mouth, so probably that. 
"Hey! Hey! Wana have sex?"

"who are you"

"... Is that a no?" 
Discover the nearest tree and climb up it. 

My high social standing should make me a more attractiv
Crying alone
My girlfriend and I usually make screeching sounds ay each other, likely that I guess lmao
In 2018/19?

Fortnite dancing
Sing my mating song of course
Look, there is a male human with his shirt off. He’s mowing the grass and showing all the ladies his
I would helicopter vigorously 
Crab dance. 
nap 
"Get in the van".
I'd probably just show her my anime collection. 
Kidnap her , obviously
The first thing that came to my mind was "singing hit or miss". I'm not okay 
One day I came home at 2am and one of the neighborhood cats walk right next to me once I got out of 
She used to sit with me when I had panic attacks. She passed away today. RIP Maddy.
Our third toddler just barely able to walk, escaped through the front door running out with only his
Bring me it's kill in order to share with me. 
My oldest cat holds hands when I’m sick. 
Did not let anyone raise their voice at me when I was going through my anxiety and depression attack
Be alive for me to love :)
Love me unconditionally until he passed. I had my love, a chocolate Labrador for 13 years. 

https:/
Not my dog, but some random dog I came across. We were snorkeling on this island in the Bahamas and 
My youngest child has autism, is non-verbal and has a daredevil streak. I was preparing dinner and m
Service dogs aren't pets, but I have had two medical alert service dogs, starting in middle school. 
When I got my wisdom teeth removed, the dentist prescribed some sort of anti-anxiety medication for 
I was near death from measles and had not eaten in several days. our cat brought me a dead sparrow t
My dog used to always lick my tears when I cried and not leave until I stopped
Sat next to me or in my lap when I cried alone.
When I sit at the desk to write checks, our cat lies on the blotter and supplies me with pens, paper
Bring forever alone
The ocean
Being alone. And I don’t mean not being in a romantic relationship, I honestly don’t mind being sing
My significant other is trans, about to turn eighteen. I knew this when we started dating two years 
Fear itself.
Snakes. Fuck ‘em
Social collapse
Black holes. Massive gravitational astronomical objects that suck anything near without hope of esca
Carrot Top - he is a demon
Tightly enclosed spaces like being the guy in the movie Burried Alive; claustraphobia
Anything that flies and stings
Alligatirs and crocodiles make my skin crawl. I'll admit that they're cool but they're also terrifyi
Failure. Losing my friends
Failure. Losing my friends.
carnies...
Forgetting. I'm afraid of my memory and my heart failing me. One day  I might completely lose my int
Failure,

It has gotten to a point where I am unable to make myself do anything. Every time I think 
Confuse ray 
I fear that there will be a time where my life has no purpose, and that I will waste away.
Insects, failure and very high places, where you're outdoors.A rooftop, for example.
Mediocrity.
I'd wonder why I didn't fit their criteria for serial killing. 

Like if they just killed their male
ask if he takes requests
So you won’t choke me during sex but you’ll choke little miss skinny legs to death? Pfft. Boy bye. 
I would be happy to have a close person 
What Dexters sister did. 
Quit my police job,  join a shitty PI firm,  do drugs, bounty - hunting...
I'd ask if I was ever considered as a potential victim.
Join them
Didn’t know my dog was that evil. I mean she’s a bit of an idiot but Jesus...
well, depends on how i find out. if i find out by snooping around or anything I'd keep my mouth shut
I would ask if this was all super serial
Turn them in before i am next
Depends is it closest friend or family member? And what kind of killer like Ted Bundy kind or just o
I honestly wouldn't be shocked, but I would have to tell her "you know all those times I told you I 
Become jigsaw’s apprentice. 
I'd remain close to them in hopes that they like me enough to not wear my skin. 
Try and understand. If they are your closest person in your life, surely you would try and understan
saw it coming. 
I'd think wow, what's the odds of us both being serial killers. 
Honestly? Support her with getting victims. Probably add some of the knowledge I have from my own ex
I wouldn't be surprised. 
Wonder why the fuck they did it because they basically spend all their time with me/in the same buil
Run
Call the police and then run. 
Anonymous tip to the police.  Stay as low-key as possible.
What if I don't have a closest person?
Stop hanging out them. 
Keep my mouth shut
Be pretty scared. That’d either be my daughter or my best friend. 
Thank the powers that be that he hasn't chosen me.
Offer them ice cream, tampons and a joint. It works for me everytime. 
I'd give him a list.
I would give my mom a list of victim requests. 
Distance myself
if it was my close family I'd simply have to keep it a secret and try to help him/her sort their dem
I don’t know the full plan, but it will definitely involve an address change. 
Not piss them off and never forget to gift them on Christmas 😂
I'd join them, both me and my best friend are really morbid, and talk about death on an almost daily
"Hey!  Saw your stuff.  It's awesome."
Fap 
Continue jacking off
If? I went to school with "Kita Zen".

I'm gay, so it's not like I've particularly enjoyed watching 
Tell my husband about my discovery and that's about it. 
My friend looks like a porn star in a porn remake of Sharknado and it's as amazing as it sounds. She
Jerk it
Unless they were underage or otherwise vulnerable, I'd keep it to myself.

It'd be exposing myself a
Already did we spread that shit around like wildfire 
I only watch hentai
Gotta get it done
Literally not know beyond "that person looks vaguely familiar". I'm pretty much face blind.
I was at a friend's house and his porn magazine was delivered it. His flatmate and I opened it, bein
Fap 
Proper spelling.
cleaning my ears with q-tips...i know i know, they're not supposed to go in your ears but maybe if s
Watching Transformer (the one that was directed by Michael Bay) whenever it's on TV. 
Coldplay
Feet
Plucking hair off my body. Doesn't matter where really.
Great British Bake Off
Nickelback 
Cleaning my nails 
Streaking
Masturbation. Now hold on. I’m in a relationship. We both have our “ private time” but usually we sa
Anime. Everyone always thinks ecchi or hentai, but I really enjoy shonen. I love how action packed i
I swear I'm not gay, I like women 100% and I am masculine in everyway I can.

However, Girls Just Wa
Angsty and dramatic edits of my favorite franchises on YouTube.
Cocaine
Sunbathing in the nude
Dipping big sourdough pretzels in peanut butter and eating the entire bag 
Taking baths
Trash reality tv shows.
My Little pony. My 8 year old daughter loves it, so i gently but actively encourage her to switch of
Listening to 90's Boybands sing love ballads.
I was invited to work out with a friend and some people that she knew. My friend told me in confiden
“How would you fuck someone in the ear hole” 
The teacher accidentally typed methmatics and I said
It was math and meth was a type of drugs and th
MIL overheard me calling her a bitch.

I don’t think I actually did, it was probably more like sayin
"No I will not be your new fetish, not until I can stick it in every person in this place" 
“But I’ve already juiced all my clowns”
I had a little workplace bitch about that if some stuff didn't change, Person X should totally stage
Walk away, they aren't worth your time.
Throw a globe at them.
There are flat earthers like you all around the globe.
Ask him to show you the edge?
Laugh at them. 
The off button. 
Satellite imagery.
Take them up to high altitude in a plane. The important part is too push them out of it without a pa
Take them by the hand and jump off the edge..
Offer to walk in opposite directions until you meet again, or until you fall off the edge. When you 
I invited one to travel with to the edge and I’ll pay he just went on to show me a picture of the Ch
“First of all, to anyone who is able-bodied enough to see pictures of the planet, you can tell it’s 
Point out the reflection of earth on the moon always casts a round shadow.

Go for a long walk with him. Maybe not quick, but really efficient, unless the flat earther is stubb
Train to face
Smile and say, "Well, if the Earth is flat, then Santa's out of business at the North Pole.
Neutrino detectors.
Push them out a high window. 
Start agreeing with them, and make up your own absurd facts as to why the Earth is flat. 
Go in space with him 
"your face is flat!" And that's when they would need to apply some serious burn cream. 
Throw a globe in their face and run away 
Something but I can't figure out what.
Grilled Cheese

&#x200B;
McDonald's fries... Last time I ate there was years ago.
Father in laws gyoza.

I swear he must be putting crack in them because they are addictive as fuck.
Another burger tbh and fries sigh
Orange chicken even though its 7 am
Buffalo wings
Falafel 
Nashville hot chicken burger. damn
pasta with carbonara sauce
Macaroni Grill mac n cheese
Fondue chinoise
None, I sated it.  

I was craving chocolate- so I got a frozen chocolate cake, vanilla bean ice cre
Pretzels
Fried haloumi cheese with lemon and oregano
Chocolate milk 
Coffee 
kettle corn
Guava duff 
Cereal
carvery 
Roast beef, Yorkshire pudding, veg, mustard mash, roast potatoes. 
 And gravy 
Anything, the only thing I've eaten all day is a handful of pretzels and about 3 liters of water. Bu
Pho

Popcorn
Cinnamon rolls, or a nice breakfast casserole 
Taco Bell
Leftover Chinese food
Truly nothing. I've had so much whiskey in the past 48 hours and several pizzas to absorb it. I just
Carne con tomate.
The chocolate cake we've got left in the kitchen, because I've still got half a cup of coffee and it
Pho
Cheesecake! 🤤
The blood of my enemies. But I'm heading to church right now, gotta repent my sins from last weekend
Nothing.  It's so weird.  It's very rare that I crave nothing, or that nothing sounds good to me.  U
Culo 
Bracilian meat
A big cinnamon roll with a lot of icing.
Fried chicken
A Whopper 🤤
Guacamole 
Doner kebab always.
Bobs and vegana
Sleep
reddit
Read a free e-book or go to the library to get a real one. Ahhh I love the old book smell!
I'd just stay at home on the internet, away from anything to do with online shopping.
Go to the gym. 
Sleep all day so I'm not tempted
Catch up on sleep, play some video games, watch some sports highlights for games I may have missed d
Disc golf
Sleep, Netflix, hiking, ice skating, meeting friends and cook something and resit of course.
Movies. 
Prep a nice meal, go on a walk and listen to podcasts or music, read, do some fun drugs I already ha
Study, game, whatever
Go to the park. Pack a lunch and your day is set!
Play skyrim
Hike. Exercise 
I kill myself
Play video games with my SO
Go on amazon and buy shit I don’t need, go clothes shopping online for sweats and shit to wear aroun
For mow its Master of Puppets. It is a really good workout for the picking hand because you have to 
Ocean - John Butler. Especially if I get the chance to play it on a 12 string
Rylynn - Andy Mckee
Any Chicago blues or Mississippi delta blues 
Cavatina (The Deer Hunter theme)
Say it ain’t so by weezer. Such a satisfying bar and tap to get the very first chord.  I play that e
Goldfinger's cover of 99 red balloons, original artist NENA
Toto - Africa
Freebird!!!!!!!
Jordan - Buckethead
Bohemian Rhapsody.  I mostly follow [this arrangement.](https://youtu.be/RxR7dVPKnD4) 
Aerials - SOAD. Fun to learn how to properly drop tune and good pick work to mess around with.
No one else by Weezer. Power chords and the way and I start singing along.
Benighted by opeth. First song that I finally tried fingerpicking and it's such a joy to just play a
Burning House
This Charming Man - The Smiths
In the pines. 
 They see boob, they see dick, they feel sick, they run quick. 
Literally just be naked. No one's gonna wanna touch me, and in that moment of hesitation I escape.
Well I mean, how much would a shirt or pants help tbh lol. Not like people who don't sleep nude slee
Imagine being a house burglar and you stumble into a room with a naked Jabba the Hut lookin fat guy 
I will run at them screaming "RRRREEEEEEE" while helicoptering my flacid dong. They will run away in
Piss on em
I don't think anyone wants to see me naked, so that's a defense mechanism as it is 
Act flat out crazy... Nothing scarier than a crazy naked person running towards you...
Shoot them dead, being naked doesn’t affect my ability to use a firearm. 
Helicopter dick.
Hump them into submission
Easy. I have a rabbit. He is known as "The Furry Shark." If you break in, The Furry Shark will immed
Swords I guess? I dunno
This sounds like the beginning of a porno.
Titty slap em 
When they see me, they will run
If someone is breaking in, my state of dress is the least of my worries
When my dad was at university someone tried to rob the house he and some mates lived in. It was duri
Full body wiggle at them.
Beat them to death with my erection
I had friend who was woken up when someone broke into his house.  He ended up getting a very stern w
Try to rub one out real quick. I have great aim. 
They see my dick, they laugh and I use this moment to neutralize them. 
Grab my 357 magnum and take it from there. Not sure what being nude has to do with anything. 
Shoot them
Well duh? You're supposed to masturbate until the point where you're just about to shoot cum but you
My gun.  If it's an emergency situation, IDGAF if I'm naked or not.  If my house is on fire I'll run
My Springfield XD 9mm


And just hope I dont accidentally grab one of my girlfriends vibrators. 

An
Furiously wiggle my butt cheeks at them.
Call the police, attack the intruder 
I don't have to get out of bed to fire off a few rounds of .45
Grab the gun. shoot the perp. Make sure the last thing they see is a pair of Arabian sunglasses. 
.45 1911 to I'll pretend the face, but my accuracy trends to me going for more mid torso for an actu
Throw your feces on them, that's a good deterrent.
Helicopter dick and zoidberg wooping. 
grab the lube! 
A three-step plan when sleeping naked.

1 - Distract with nakedness
2 - Deflect thoughts with boobs

Holicopter dick ofc. What else?
This is not mine. I read it in a comment somewhere (YouTube, I think it was).   
Guy wasn't a nude s
Two khukuris in easy reach of my bed. Machete in bathroom, and one in the kitchen.  My old scuba spe
9mm x2
Do the helicopter dick, do the helicopter dick.
Slap them with my dick. 
Grab the CZ Scorpion, same as during the daytime. 

But now they’re also distracted by my awkward sl
Shoot them dead. 

They can take the sight of my titties and my shotgun to their grave.
It would be like Hobo with a Shotgun but nude as hell.
Douse myself in blue paint and grab my trusty axe.
Just because my clothes come off doesn’t mean I can’t reach my guns. 1 under pillow and 1 in closet.
I distract them with my nudeness 
I live in the middle of nowhere. 
Lots of eye contact 
Teabag the perp
I keep a robe by my bedside as well as a fire extinguisher 
Urine... So. Much. Urine. 
I helicopter right the fuck outta there, they can deal with the fat naked mrs. and her back hair
Throw my underwear 
*"Get out!"*
If you break into a home and you see a fat hairy naked dude charging at you with a pocket knife, I t
Bum rush them with a crazy look in my eyes and a couple feet of rope. Pretend that the bullet wounds
i know where the knives are.
Just let them kill me
Swing at them
Pepper spray followed by Smith and Wesson.
Invite them to bed
I have a security system with a panic button that immediately calls police. I'd probably hit that bu
I figured out a long time ago dogs are good for keeping crazy fucks out of your house most of the ti
I guess if being seen naked is paralyzing, you'd need a special plan.  I forget how many people are 
My weapon of choice is not diminished by my clothing.  I can assure you it will hurt an intruder reg
Meat attack helicopter 
To die like I was born, nude 
Bang out with my wang out.
Grab the steak knife that’s under my pillow and start screaming like a banshee
Full frontal visual assault.
Lock the bedroom door and call the police. If they break in my bedroom door, I'm gonna defend myself
Why do you think I sleep naked? It's its own defense. 
Beat them about the head and shoulders with huge dildoes. 
Seeing me naked is its own punishment. They'll sue me for therapy. 
Stumble towards the thief like a Frankenstein, balls flapping in the breeze, chanting "raccoon castr
Smoother them to death with my tits. 
Run to the bathroom to piss it out....oh you meant break in the house!
Depends on whether I like them or not.
They'll see me naked with a machete. That should scare them away
Jerk off in the closet so when they hear strange ass noises they go to the door and i cum as soon as
Start doing my rape face, start jerking it then start slowly walking and increase pace in both place
Lock eye contact and start to jerk it, assert dominance.
A screaming naked guy with a golf club and a taser is far more threatening than a clothed one.
Slap with 10” of limp dick
Play dead. Roll on in that blanket like a mummy. Nothing to see here. 
I’m kinda hoping that a hairy naked man wielding a machete will be scary enough...
Fuck ‘em
Once they see me stood there naked, they will run after seeing my post Christmas body!
They know I'm superior once they see my rock hard 9 inch dictionary I'm holding. I will mentally fuc
Slept nude when our old apartment complex had a fire, got wife and myself outside where I saw smoke 
Throw my dildo at them. There's more than one reason that thing's under my pillow. 
Actually happened to me. 

I passed out at the Delano in Miami, nekked. Hear some noises downstairs 
If someone breaks in, I be pretending to sleep. 

I’d deal with the aftermath in the morning. 

I wo
I studied self defense super insanely intensely when I was younger.

My uncle was robbed at knife po
First, I kill them.  I put on some rubber gloves before continuing.  As I strip the body, I check it
Not me, but a teacher in my school once explained to students that when adding fractions, "Just add 
That we could be whatever we wanted when we grew up. 
That the northern star was the brightest in the sky. The argument got so heated I was sent home for 
That her religion is true, I have absolutely nothing against religious people, but I hate it being f
Got suspended for arguing the fact that sharks are basically made of cartilage. She was telling ever
That people who drank mtn dew in the morning were all on drugs. 

Mr malitich, you are a fucking idi
I had a science teacher my sophomore year that insisted the universe was 14 *million* years old and 
My grade 11 biology teacher was an anti vaxxer. This was the early 2000s before most people were eve
My brother had a chemistry teacher who didn't believe in gravity. His routine at the beginning of ea
On a test, the question was "What was the American Revolution fought for?"

The choices were "Freedo
It was wrong on a whole nother level! My bioligy teacher once had a black plastic bucket in front of
That blood is blue inside the body but red outside because it is exposed to oxygen.

Come on, Blood 
Got suspended from German class for a week for arguing with my teacher when I claimed the German wor
I had a teacher who taught us what an abortion was, and she described it as essentially the decapita
It wasn't much of an insistence, but I remember being *really* annoyed when a substitute maths teach
You’ll use this later in life!
Unborn children are parasites. 
Precum can get a girl pregnant 
Geography
Vaccines DONT CAUSE AUTISM! It had no basis when it was originally claimed, and has been disproven m
Human resources are not there to protect the employee. They are there to protect the company.


Scientific Method 

If it was common knowledge so many scammy industries would not even exist
How to cook

How to do basic things on your car

How to take care of your own body

How to take care
How one's government works and who is doing the work there.  Over half the people in the US cannot e
That the Earth is ROUND, not flat... 
Fact checking before sharing
Don't try to enter by the exit or exit by the entrance when coming and going from stores and parking
The Democratic Party was founded to protect “the peculiar institution “ of slavery. 

They have neve
A newborn being shoved back into it's mother's vagina.
Sex
Pooping
Conception. Imagine having your cells divided. Half of you gets sucked up into a long tube. The othe
Another thing giving birth and vomiting have in common...
Busting a nut.
Eating 
I imagine anything would look strange. Light (I assume) would go into red shift or blue shift if tim
Watch the episode of red dwarf: backwards
Dontsayitdontsayitdontsayit ok fine 9-11
Jizzing would be pretty fucking mental 
The holocaust would be fucking odd
Cremating bodies would look like pulling new humans out of fire 
A highway where all the cars are suddenly going backwards.  
Life
Drinking water. Every now and then I'll start choking because I'm stupid. 
Getting out of bed
I can't butter bread without butchering it.
Get out of bed.
Waking up. 
Games
Small talk
Singing, in a way ... 
Money management.

For real ppl,
Without my Gf i would be dead ass broke.
Love myself :(
Breathing, I have asthma
Rocket league :(
Adult
Styling my hair 
Your mom 
Oral sex
playing video games. i love em, im just garbage at them
Yoga
My workout :(
Studying :(
Anything. 
“LiFe” 
Getting to work at least 15 minutes early, it’s either 5 minutes before or 1 minute before. 
Falling asleep 
Sleep.
Lollipops. 
breath 
Excel
Living
Getting to the train on time
Wanting to die
Type
Taking a pill that I take every day, and have for like 7 years 
Sleep. Some days I either sleep too much or not enough, and as a result I'm always tired. I have hyp
Make-up. I can't contour to save my life.. highlighting? Jesus tap dancin christ, I'll just stick to
Real time conversation. How do people even come out with sentences that fast?
Tossing garbage into the bin. I miss 50% of the time.
Suck dick. 
Adulting
Sing.
Sharing things that bother me without feeling like like an annoyance or burden to my friends
Changing your thought process and becoming happier isn't how you "win" against depression. If you tr
There is a difference between situational depression and clinical depression.  You can "beat" the fo
happiness is a false god. the key to overcoming depression,and to life, is finding a reason to suffe
I did it the natural way. Meds have a mixed bag of results for me plus I hate the side effects. A ch
Medication honestly saved my life. It took a while to find the right ones that worked for me, but I'
For me it was leaving high school and starting college. I made amazing friends and that helped a lot
asked my doctor for help. 
MDMA and if you have the strength meth one time will cure it 
School my teacher told me not to bother trying in my English GCSE we I wouldn't pass it anyways. I s
They said I couldn’t ever get fit or strong because of my genetics. 

Then they said I couldn’t ever
When I was 7, my friend found a white golfball on our school playground. I got super-jealous and sto
My friends in middle school always telling me that studying abroad is very difficult, that I won’t g
I started playing Airsoft to loose the weight I put on after military service. I looked way fatter t
I’ve been underestimated my whole life because of my disability. They said I wouldn’t even be able t
My freshman year in college, my precalculus teacher that told me to change majors after I failed a f
"You can't just move across the world to another country on a tourist visa, expect some local to mar
Fatal Familial Insomnia.
The black plague drowns you from the inside.
Meningococcal virus. Starts out with basic flu symptoms. 

I had a close friend, went to work with w
Sleeping sickness. 
SIDS
ITT: nightmare fuel
A Kirby sales guy came to our house and showed us how well a Kirby could do, so he proceeded to vacu
Not really a salesman but I called directv because they overcharged me nearly $200 dollars. The woma
I went to go look at Rav 4 Hybrids.  I'm on the youngish side apparently, because the guy taking me 
Went into SCS sofa shop for a bit of a browse, having just moved into a new house.  Within about 30 
After a long (6 month) battle with a rural ISP over very poor signal quality, a subcontracted techni
This is minor, but both incidents happened at Fry's Electronics.  To preface..I'm old.  I was lookin
I was selling my car and the guy offered some money and a cow 
Husband and I were engaged at the time, so we went shopping for wedding bands.  I didn't want gold o
I went to the local Dodge dealership to test drive a new midsize quad cab pickup one weekend. The sa
Nissan dealership, my wife was looking for a new car. Guy was an asshole and would only talk to me, 
A Honda salesman tried to tell me the engine cooling fan was the new upgraded AC unit. 


Not a worst experience just the worst sales man.

My dad was buying a ring for my mum, my mum saw on
At the Verizon store about a year ago, getting a new phone (LG g6). He's trying to sell me on all so
Mom once had a door-to-door vacuum cleaner salesman do a demonstration.

He unloaded a bag full of d
Trying to buy furniture. He kept trying to push me toward faux leather recliners. I know he probably
I'd been saving my money all summer to buy a new ski set up. After a whole summer's worth of daydrea
When I was in Vietnam on a school trip when I was 22 we went to what I would describe as a sort of l
Came into some cash when I was young. Went to a car lot to buy a car, outright with cash in hand. De
He slapped the roof of my car...
My wife and I were car shopping for a new one for her. We’d narrowed it down to to two models, and f
Walked into an Ashley Furniture where literally every section had a robotic smiling employee pitchin
Put me and my wife in a hot "negotiations room" with sunlight streaming in, getting in our eyes and 
I made the mistake of letting a Cutco knife salesman in. 2 hour pitch. At one point he had rope and 
Super slimy AT&T independent sales contractor with a fake AT&T polo shirt on selling me Uverse. Amon
Not my experience, but my moms. Lived in a rural area, no one ever locks their doors sort of place. 
I got called a nightmare customer by a salesman at American Mattress. When he first approached me in
I was gifted 3 dance lessons before my wedding, which was the perfect amount of time to teach a basi
Three salesmen from another branch of my company came to my branch and destroyed my brand-new copier
A sales person at a Microsoft store once told my partner and I that a computer's GPU was in the clou
A little OT, but my sister brought her out-of-warranty MacBook with a dead hard drive to an Apple re
Anglian windows. Man turned up for a 12pm appointment to sell windows, I finally kicked him out at 8
The answer is somehow tied to myself being a salesman. I've done sales my whole life. I've sold cars
For starters, it's not really a "salesman", and also, it wasn't something out of the extraordinary, 
A couple of sales guys at a notorious used car lot in the Asheville/Hendersonville NC area called Au
the absolute worst was at a timeshare pitch. The 1st salesperson shows us around, gives a presentati
Oh gosh maybe mattress salesmen are too easy. I wanted a nice mattress to help with my constant back
Let me preface this by saying *I work in the tech sector.* And all I wanted to do was buy my first, 
Told a salesman I would have to talk to my husband about buying one of those big meat packages for 3
I was a pretty heavy guy in highschool. I'm talking well over two bills. I once had to work really h
Not me, but my parents, both times involving homes.

The first was when my parents were building a h
Had a car salesman try to tell me what kind of car I needed... he believed that little ol' me needed
I work 3rd shift so I am often asleep during the middle of the day while my husband is at work, gone
A mattress salesman. 

I was youngish, starting grad school and needed a mattress. I didn't want to 
Any conversation with a friend who got tricked into MLM
I needed new glasses and found a pair I liked.

The salesman tried to upsell me by suggesting I may 
I went to buy a car when I was wearing my engagement ring (car was mine long before I met him) and t
I was eagerly discussing costs with the CEO of a small paper-company, when suddenly the salesman fro
Car salesman wouldn’t give price of a car, or tell me the miles. Just wanted to talk in “how much pa
Representative from a big exterminator company came to our house. They're supposed to do an initial 
A guy came to my door trying to sell me dishcloths that were made with some snake-oil special fibre 
Went to purchase a used honda, the salesman said someone else was test driving but while we wait I c
Newin's Bayshore Ford- y'all can bite me.

I go in looking for a very specific car- 2015 or newer Mu
My wife got a call from a soft water company doing a survey. They offered to come over and test our 
I was a Sears looking at washers and dryers. The sales kid asked me what I was looking for. I told h
Husband was all set to buy a truck. Knew exactly which one he wanted, had the full amount ready. Wen
Used car dealer acting uncomfortable and annoyed when I asked to see a car with less than 200,000 mi
Was at a sales presentation for Hilton Vacation club which is a time share type of thing. When I rej
This was a few years back but my and my girlfriend went to a Subaru dealer to look at the new WRX & 
I was looking for a new car so I went to this dealership.   The salesman, who seemed high on somethi
I got a credit card through my old bank. An Indian lady calls me a week later saying she's doing a r
My first ever car... The car salesman was nice enough. Could tell he was new.  Bought the car.  A we
Accidentally elected him president
I work with salesmen every day. When our department first started up, they weren’t sure how to pay u
This was roughly 15 years ago, prior to all the meal delivery services, ie Hello Fresh.

My then-gir
I once got a call from my mother because a pair of salesman refused to leave her house. I escorted t
Some guy on the street was trying to sell internet access for a particular company, and I explained 
I recently went to look for a new car, not buy, only look. I made sure to specify this to each indiv
When I was buying groceries at a 24 hour grocery freshman year of college the checker was being a ve
My wife and I were interested in test driving a BMW X3. It was to be her car so I was basically goin
Disclosure: I work in marketing for a larger car dealership in the midwest.

I handle outside salesp
An AT&T sales rep literally lied about every single thing she set up, and forged my signature on all
BUTTLICKER OUR PRICES HAVE NEVER BEEN LOWER
That dead sea kiosk at the mall where they get hot foreign women to sell overpriced stuff like sea s
Was getting a ride home by a coworker when my cell phone goes off. I answer and it's some rep from t
When shopping for a new car, the salesman would not let me drive the car. He would ‘allow’ me to get
I had a vacuum sales man soil my carpet and say “ Sir, if this vacuum doesn’t pick all of that up, I
Car sale. 

Got a decent deal on the new Jetta. Drove three hours to do business with the same deale
A car salesman was trying way too hard to convince me to buy the first car I looked at when I had ma
I went to try and buy an Audi S4 from a garage near me. 

The sales guy completely blanked me and de
In a tech store he was always on my back telling me facts about products i didn't ask for
I was shopping for a new vehicle with my ex. We had literally started looking that day and had absol
Just the people who, regardless of what you ask for, try to sell you something pricey. I was looking
When I was 13ish-years-old, the nearby mall had a section filled with a bunch of free-standing kiosk
I went into a Mattress Firm once.
This damn stripper wouldn’t leave me alone when I was just enjoying my time and I just gave in and p
I once had an overzealous flower salesman from a street corner follow me home after I refused to buy
Guy showed up at like 9 o'clock at night trying to sell magazines or whatever. I was already in my j
A Sprint sales rep was talking to me about the new phones and deals. She started telling me about he
The Cable company's website screwed up. So I paid less than the bill because that is what it showed.
On the other end, I had a guy come in and ask the price of a specific product, after verifying the p
My brother was a car salesmen before and went with my dad to buy a new truck. My brother made the sa
He wanted to have sex and I wanted at least a date first, which he didn't like, so a year later he t
I have always had very straight teeth for someone who had never had braces, dentists compliment them
I had one of those door-to-door charity solicitors come to my door when I was trying to get my son o
When I bought a car I was going to use the finance through the car yard and was talking to the guy o
Never take on services sold by phone but once a year I give a random poor telemarketing operator a c
I was a teenager with social anxiety and major depression at the time, and this jerk in a mall kiosk
I was test driving a car and it was making a grinding noise and I asked the sales guy about. He look
This one is more funny. Was at best buy for Black Friday before work. I'm in my work branded (applia
I have 2 of them, both of them were car salesman and on the same day.

First car salesman was an old
I bought a car from a dealership in Boise, ID. It was ridiculous. The salesman was scum, the finance
I had some coiffed arsehole accuse me of being a sex offender at my own front door. He was there as 
My oddest one was a sales representative from a smaller no name company came out.  After looking at 
A car salesman actually flipped down the passenger side visor and said, "And here's a mirror with a 
When I was shopping for my now-wife’s engagement ring, a dickhead at a local jewelry store was tryin
Walked into Bass pro trying to buy a shotgun. Had the license, had the money, ready to buy. Buddy be
I just wanted to buy some paper. This salesman yelled at me and disrespected my family name. He was 
My poor wife bought a flat iron from one of those dbags at the mall that annoy you when you walk by.
He asked me to lunch and while we were out at lunch he asked if I wanted to makeout. 
Best Buy. Those fuckers wont leave me alone. Eventually after the fifth or sixth time someone was pe
One time my mom had a salesman talk down to her and made mild sexist and racist remarks to her when 
Checking to see if anyone mentions me 
Was on a Holiday Inn club vacation when a nice guy named sherman was offering ticket discounts, tell
I have some big contracts in LA. One of them gave me a nice house to stay at over the weekend. The g
Went to a honda dealership to price check cars when I was like, 22. I was a pretty timid and shy per
I’m an electrician apprentice and after work I look somewhat dirty. I was looking to buy a new (used
I “won” a photo shoot at a baby expo I went to whilst pregnant. (You only win the photo shoot not th
Not me, but my dad. Our fridge of 10ish years finally gave up the ghost so he and my mother went to 
When I was around 14 I was at my best friend's house and her granny was watching us and the house. A
Bought a Sagem MY-X6 2 in 2005. Guy told me micro sd would never become a thing, and that I should g
Probably not the worst, but the most recent that comes to mind:

I'm visibly Muslim (I wear a scarf)
I bought a car last year and a really nice older man helped us do our paperwork. His supervisor kept
Mine involves a phone salesman.

The guy was just a general jerk, but his true colours came out when
Back in the 1970's I went to a local car dealer to buy a car, cash in hand. I was ignored, and when 
I swear to everything that mattress salesmen gang rape you as you walk in the store.
When i was going to buy my motorcycle, I went to one of two big stores in my city. I narrowed it dow
Some schmucky manager fuck at Radio Shack.

I went to buy some solder and a few small components to 
It was actually the random boss of a saleswoman who I had a good business relationship with. 

The f
I haven't had a bad experience yet, but I tend to nip their sales pitches in the bud. This girl I kn
I was looking for a new car last year - I had about 5 different models that I wanted to test drive b
It was a phone call with time warner about upgrading service. I work in a call center myself. I try 
I can't remember which cable company this door-to-door representative/salesman worked for (either Sp
I was working as a cashier at a truck stop and this dude comes in trying to sell perfumes. Without m
Oh I have an awesome one, but it was my dad not me. Alright so this door to door vacuum sales guy co
Was about to buy a car from a private second hand car salesmen when my mate who is a mechanic sugges
I told a salesman we weren't interested in a product and he asked to talk to my husband because "mos
So I was looking into trading my car for a newer version. In all fairness the car I was looking to b
I went to buy a car at a dealer that was listed at a few thousand over its Bluebook value. I tell th
I was a Dodge guy. I started making better money and wanted a new Dodge. Not a used one on with issu
Lady working in one of those mall kiosks trotted up to me and started trying to sell me something "f
He made fun of my last name, which happens to be buttlicker
Gym salespeople. You don't really get a free week to try it out, you have to put up with incessant p
I was 18 and just got a new apartment and needed a to buy some new furniture so I went to the malls 
When I was a kid, we were moving and hunting for a new house. This one house was awesome and checked
A Mercedes-Benz salesman. Kept trying to push me into signing buying a C-series without talking to s
Over here with have Credit Card salesmen all over malls, train stations and etc, and they’re persist
One of those kiosks at the mall that got upgraded to a store in the mall where some kind of cross be
My buddy's dad was a therapist specializing in substance abuse, bought a big house in the hills. The
Was at a club 1st semester, just out with friends.

There was a guy at a booth who ordered 4 Ace of 
A family friend owns property that has several acres in the city limits but most of land is in uninc
I wrote “fuck- you” on a dollar and then reposted it. 
When I was a smaller lad, I was hanging with my friends. Then this little kid came up to us and star
I was in Waikiki over the summer and I was coming back from swimming at the beach, I was looking lik
Soviet Union
Mate i'm in the Army, where do I start?
Co-worker's shoe
University library to relieve tension while studying for finals
Great ocean road scenic outlook
Airplane shitter. 

At least I joined the mile high club
In the backyard of a friends house in the middle of the night. There were lots of other houses with 
Grandma's house
stuck in a youth hostel with about 10 people sleeping in bunkbeds around me. It was the quietest wan
[deleted]
Public Jacuzzi
at my desk in work in a busy open plan office. I'm a guy btw
10th grade Math class.
Behind your house.
Louis CK would be turning in his grave!
Driving on the highway
Playground.
A hot tub at a public pool. The bubbles helped a lot.
In my car before work at 7 am in the parking lot [F]. And that's why I'll never stay in a sexless re
Came here to read this 
7th grade science class.  
It was my seminal achievement.   

I was at a big family dinner and I was sitting across to one of my hot cousins and I rubbed one out 
The dying part. Being dead seems like it's not really a big deal, but getting there seems like a rea
dying before I clear my internet history. 
 All the amazing future stuff I'm going to miss. Space travel, colonization of other planets, all of
The fact that i won't be able to take care of my loved ones anymore... 
All the hurt it will cause those around me, they don't deserve that.
The actual point where I’m deteriorating. Like, those moments of knowing that I AM actively dying.
The unknown
Not having anyone remember you. 
And here goes my 2 nights of sleep
What if we get "reborn" or become conscious as other beings? I'm really scared to be reborn as anoth
That there is nothing. I'm not scared of dying, I'm scared of what happens next.
The nothingness. The whole "not existing" thing.
That there is nothing afterwards. No afterlife, just poof. nothing. not even the recognition of dark
The thing that scares me most about death is the knowledge (or belief) that everyone I have ever kno
That I will only get to see one era of the world. Although perhaps that is for the best with the pat
Honestly, nothing. Death is a part of life. I'd be happy I went through it and enjoy the last minute
Not existing. Forever. It's the only thing that really terrifies me. There might be some things that
Non-experience, by definition, cannot be experienced. This, to me, suggests the possibility of post-
Missing the future technology
Never coming back.
Missed time with the ones I love and not being able to be here for them
The pain my loved ones will endure.

My dog won’t understand where I’ve gone, and will never stop wa
Not being able to experience living again.
The possibility that when you die, everything you were as a living, breathing person, just doesn't e
Probably the whole after life thing
Life goes on without you while you are nothing. Life can be painful but death is scary. 
That I have so long to wait
After you die you get reincarnated and have to live this shit again. From the start! With no new gam
Knowing that my girlfriend will be devastated 
Just that life is going so fast
I’m currently in a dark place and losing a will to live. Not saying I would like to die, but I would
What happens after.
What if there is an afterlife? We know the world's religions are made up of wishful thinking and men
The sadness it will cause my loved ones. 
I don't want to leave close people, don't want them to suffer. When you die, there is always someone
I know it is such a clichè - but laying on the deathbed and regret having not done something because
Nothing
I was legally dead and I don't remember anything after waking up. I think the part about just ending
Nothing
Just the process of dying, not the result.


That I won't be reincarnated into an RPG because I wasn't hit by the right truck
There will always be more things that I wanted to do
Nothing much. That's a problem for later, I just focus on keeping on living. 
That i missed all the fun and great activities and experiences of life. Right now i'm spending life 
Everything. The dying,if it’s quick then it’s gonna be something pretty big and brutal, or slowly wh
Learning that god is my dad.
It'll hurt. But im ready I hope
Since I don't think there is anything after life, going from life to nothing would only be a loss, l
What would happen if I am forgotten, what would happen to my family afterwards, what my dog would do
What my family will go through when I'm gone.  Hopefully it's not sudden. But not too drawn out... 
Not much. I mean I’m scared dying will hurt or be this really slow agonizing process where I know wh
The feeling of fear of what comes after death the unknown scares everyone expect those who are prepa
What comes after it 
The way I die, I wanna go in my sleep if possible. 
But if  going to die painfully, I want it to be 
Fear of the unknown. 
Will my ex wives be there?
Never being able to see something im hyped for
Actually being dead. 
Leaving behind my children.
Fading into obscurity.
Heaven, Hell, or roam the Earth forever, I don't care. I just don't want to see black for the rest o
Being dead is peaceful, it’s the transition that scares me 
Dying's not the problem. Leaving my family unprepared or destitute is the worst thought.
No sure about it but what if we get reincarnated again. I fear of being incarnated as human and not 
Nothing. The scary bit is what happens before it.
Dying slow and painfully
Being dead. The passage from existing to not existing gives me major anxiety
I'm not afraid of being dead, I just have watched so many family members die that it seems such a lo
FOMO
My own death has never scared me. The idea of it doesn't really bother me except for "all the things
Not being there for my son anymore.

I want to be confident, and I want him to be confident, that he
Dying in a nursing home. 
I worry about the people I care about because if they were to die I know I'd be a fucking wreck.
Just the idea of the pain that might be involved. If I died quickly and painlessly, then I don't rea
Not having a big enough brain to understand the deep and complicated underlying elements of rigor mo
The horrible realisation as I'm dying that I'm not going to exist anymore 
Having to Share my possessions... >:(
I'm not scared of being dead; I'm slightly scared of actually dying. When I'm dead, my consciousness
To die without saying good bye to my loved ones. The things I want to tell them but I never say and 
Having no conscience. Not being able to love the people i love. Having no thoughts. No feelings. Its
FOMO
I am a single father with twins that have severe special needs. So what scares me the most is them i
Everything fades into nothingness. You hear the slightest hum of CPU  fans. Out of the corner of you
Death isn't scary but dying is. Dying can be slow, painful or unexpected. 'Death' is just whatever f
You ask me what scares me the most about death? That it isn't the end. Call it the Poincaré Recurren
It scares me that when I die I will just float around lonely never being able to touch feel or prope
Not being able to buy the iPhone 100XS for $1,000,00”
I've been under Anastasia twice, and it was just nothingness. One second the nurse is counting down,
I was reading an article on BBC about this and guess what after you die your brain is still working 
I think most people misunderstand death. Biological processes involving the same matter, and even th
Nothing

Next question
Hamsters.
People asking if I'm babysitting.  No dickhead, I'm parenting. 
I'm a mom, but my husband always seems to get hit on when he is out by himself with our son. 
I used to be a stay at home dad. I took my young daughter to a nearby park on an almost daily basis.
Mostly just the general looks from others like I'm some sort of child predator. 

&#x200B;

UGLY MEN
I know someone who gets, "Oh, isn't that lovely. The dads babysitting".  While they're just out and 
Whenever I take my kids out on the weekend I feel like people think that I am just taking them out b
That I'm either divorced or widowed and don't know how to take care of my kids because I'm male and 
I was called a "Manny" once.
I was moving my kid from one car to another in front of my workplace. A woman evidently saw me and w
Whenever me and my daughter go out to the store by ourselves, there's always some random woman that 
I can't be the only father on here that just uses the women's room regularly with their baby/child? 
I think you touched on the main one. It compounds as they get a little older. A lack of family bathr
When we’re at the playground my toddler wants me to follow her around and watch her play, so if a ki
When we had our only daughter, my husband changed her first diaper after delivery. We’d both worked 
I’m going to go a little rogue with this one.. I took my son to the grocery store when mom was at wo
The general assumption that you have your child with you to give the mum a break. Like dads can't be
I did more of the leisure stuff with my dad than my mom. It’s so strange to me that our society is m
Not answering your question, but in Massachusetts every public bathroom regardless of gender designa
The amount of women who hit on my husband whenever he was out with the kids was scary.

One incident
Where I live many washrooms are now singleton-unisex--room for one adult, one adult with small child
No buyers. 😭
This question is a bit weird, what do you mean by "with no obvious mother figure present"? What are 
There are baby changing stations in mens bathrooms

100 flags on survival endless in plants vs zombies
To get a full nights rest. Motivation: never getting a full nights rest. 
To be happy.


To become a mangaka or draw a friend story, and what keep me motivated are the mangas I read
Survive until the weekend and then do everything over again
Goal 1. Have perfect attendance for 2019 (work) - Jan 1, 2019 - Jan 2, 2020

Goal 2. Get promoted to
small goals:

\-finish this semester

\-work on game I'm developing

except for the small goals whic
[deleted]
Atb to all !
To play ball again. Me at bat. Number four, here I go.
No goals at all. I'm just going with the flow and seeing where it all ends up. On second thought, I 
I just want to see what happens. How it's All going to turn out. 
My goal is to not end up homeless and destitute. Been there and have vowed to never go back. In resp
The goal that everybody should have in their life. Doing cool and fun shit.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **an
As a bloke whose been on the the other side of a glory hole. Straight guys should know it's mostly g
guy said "wow" as i came.
made my day more than the hand job
Once.

&#x200B;

Years ago. Back when craigslist had a personals section and I was desperate for sex
I had a friend in high school who was really into the anonymous sex scene, and he found the only hol
There's an adult store in the midwest that's known for its glory holes in the back. At the time, my 
Yes, and I loved it. A guy on Grindr said that he had one set up in his home. When I got to his plac
Yep.

It’s kinda hot not knowing them apart from how their mouth feels on my cock.

For some reason 
You sucking?
[removed]
Once, and i still don't know if i received a blowjob from a girl or from a boy
The biggest allure of a glory hole is you can’t see whose blowing you, so your imagination can get y
Just remember to use protection!
could never find one staffed by hot chicks.
Only tangentially related, but holy shit, you all are brave! I'd rather put my leg in an active wood
Glory holes were my loop holes to sleeping with straight men when I was 20.

Men love women that are
[removed]
No, but I did want to make a horse drawn carriage with booths either side in DND.

They'd be 'staffe
I was in a bathroom at a park. I noticed a hole in the stall. Some strange man was on the other side
Note to self: don't go to a gloryhole, 10/10 people here got head from a guy. 
burning metal rod was shoved up my urethra 
[removed]
[removed]
80% of statistics are made up.
Eating 7 oranges a day is the equivalent of sitting in the sun for 1 hour. 
Vitamin D 👍
When one fails to miss the point.
"Québec, by itself, produces half of the world's maple syrup supply."

It's actually 3/4.
Leaving the light on in your car is illegal
Cats are afraid of dogs
My kids get along with each other. 
Watch Jacksfilms fake facts videos on YouTube, they’re pretty funny
A fact that sounds true but isn’t cannot exist. It’s either a fact or it is not a fact.
80% of Americans have never eaten a Twinkie. What did you expect?
Drinking 8 glasses of water a day is essential to good health.

Complete bullshit drink when you're 
The United States has a functional government 
Did you know the creator of the kcup ended up committing suicide? He felt so guilty about the amount
That there is no alchohol left in foods after it is cooked. 
Doing the same thing and expecting different results is the definition of insanity. 

I hate this sa
Or that sometimes persistence pays off, etc. It’s just such a bad cliché and it gets repeated so muc
men respect feminists 
My twin brother went missing when we were 5. I’m hoping that someday someone will recognize my wang 
It seems like this question would get you a lot of unsolicited nudes. 
The theory goes if you throw enough shit at the wall some of it is bound to stick
I’d make sure the gun was loaded 
ask what the winning numbers are for the next big lottery. I wouldn't go back in time without them.
Nice try, time-traveling shapeshifter. I won't tell you how to successfully impersonate me.
That’s not how time travel works, by going back in time to change something , you lose the motivatio
I would tell myself to hold on to those meaningless bitcoins. Since that change would be insignifica
I know exactly what I'd tell me, but you'll have to file that under "nice try, FBI!"
Future Me: Look, I've got the same weird scar on my stomach.

&#x200B;

Past Me: I donno, lots of pe
Widespread use of the Internet, mobile phones, social media, the milkshake machine at McDonalds actu
Gay marriage. Would have thought that was decades down the road. 
Also, the legalization of pot is g
Smart phones. That was fast. 
The popularity of commercial air travel. 
When I was younger (maybe 5-7 years old), I used to dream with only death related stuff, which might
we don't dream and drive, that’s why we got the dreamcatcher for.
I have one so hippie chicks are DTF.
That's not the only thing I've got hanging from my ceiling 😭
Hoarding shit from Goodwill. 
Toilet paper. Haven't you fools heard of the three sea shells?
From the past, sorry :/
You guys *drive* places!? On your own!!? That's so dangerous omg
Use Reddit 
No more He said She said. It says it all. 
Having eye lids. Blinking is considered a sin in the future after another bible gets created and los
Texting serious conversation
Stop jerking off in front of your webcam. You’re not alone anymore. 
There has already been a major change younger people might not be aware of. In Dad Days, when you sa
Destroy the planet. Fucking idiots 
All the selfies. I came back here to record history, we don't know what happened after the Trump ele
You guys leave your homes to meet up with friends?

Oof!
Going off the grid, trying to hide your info, etc. You lose so much access to everything if you aren
You act as if you think you're smarter than our glorious cat overlords.
Jerk off in the library. Apparently I'm a "distraction" and "Sir you need to leave immediately" or t
Throw away food.
Talking about Race. I really don't get what you all have about skin colour and all that. Real weird.
I can't believe we ever had weapons. And people with different skin colors or features feel awkward 
“You drank *milk* from a *cow* ???? That’s so weird man.”

“Let me get this straight, you stole babi
Eating beef is so gauche.
Single use plastic. 


Bags, straws, novelty items, goddamnmotherfucking glitter. You name it. 


En
Uncontained nuclear material will be detrimental to delicate electron balances that future technolog
Listening to music in public
Sorry, Protocol 2.
It was really awkward explaining all of the alien invasion movies to the first extraterrestrial worl
No politics here. 

But there will be prejudice against people who don’t work and have others suppor
stop sniffing your crotch we see your bum ass
You guys have sex for some reason? Why don't yall just make clones like decent people
Fossil fuel burning cars.  

With the increase of automated processes, the abundance of internet con
The airhead Jock bully. 

I feel that shit is overexaggerated so much. I don't remember any sporty t
The villain that explains his entire plan to the protagonist for no reason. It’s just lazy writing.
Families sitting down together for breakfast on a weekday.
that the popular girl will be impressed by the nerd and go out with them.
No refill weapons.  Shooting like there is no tommorow. 
infinite ammo.
Most "hack" scenes are complete bullshit
100 pound women that double fist desert eagles .50 AE and beat 200 pound men with punches and kicks.
An Engineer means he/she can build anything 
The idiotic teens in horror movies that decide messing with a cursed object is a good idea
I don't know if it's the most unrealistic, but seeing guys with bodybuilder type bodies who play cha
How much blood you can lose before dying
Sounds. Many sounds, including animal roars, we hear are unrealistic and has nothing to do with real
Can I talk about anime?

Everyone from Western countries (more specifically America, UK and Germany)
The Albino villain. Not only is it an unnatural and dangerous trope, sometimes the writers gift them
That the nice and nerdy guy gets the hottest girl at the end in rom coms.
"Let's all attack one-by-one and not ever team up on him. This is a much better plan!"
High school bullying.

No one’s ever walked up to another kid in the hallway and just smacked their 
asians
Can I talk about anime?

Everyone from Western countries (more specifically America, UK and Germany)
Brush their teeth. That morning breath is lethal. 
Drink a glass of water. Even if you start your day with coffee, like me, drink a glass of water firs
Get to the toilet *before* you pee or poop. 
wake up, grab a brush and put a little makeup
Everyone is forgetting the most important!!! 

DRINK COLD WATER!!! 💦 💧 
Wake up and drink a full glass of water. Your ass will wake up and you will feel more engerized.
Drink a glass of water, eat breakfast and brush your teeth. 
Get up earlier than I need to.

I get up about 30-40minutes earlier than I need to before work.

The
10 pushups 
to not keep snoozing your alarm until it's no longer morning
Write down all the good stuff in your life for two minutes. It helps so much with staying positive a
Getting ready for work I listen to a podcast I like, it helps set a good tone for the day
I truly recommend turning over and going back to sleep. No need to ruin your day with things like wo
Wrap the corpse in plastic wrap TWICE!
Drink lots of water 💦 fill your stomach
Wake up. Get out of bed. Drag a comb across my head
Vape weed
Brush your teeth. Morning breath 🤢
put some clothing on if you have slept naked. 
Poop, or a jerk before work
Drink a glass of water. First thing I do everyday.
If you're tired and unfocused in the morning you should make a list of the stuff you have to do.
Stretches - look up "Radio Taiso Workout" on youtube. It's like 4 minutes and it's all basic stretch
Make your bed. 
Would recommend they make their bed as soon as you get up and always brush your teeth
If they're not working, then exercise
Fap
Lift 
Waking up
Anal
pray
The original ending of "Lost" was just... unsatisfying. Not bad. Unsatisfying. I... I thought I coul
I don't know man, something went really wrong in 2016 and we're still trying to sort it out. Just ha
You cannot change the past of any timeline, you can only create new ones from any given point, thus 
Everyone jokes about stopping bad artists from going into their field, IE Justin Bieber etc. We didn
realising how the world actually works, and how we enslave ourselves with the need for money..
Probably realizing your parents/adults in general don’t have all the solutions and they’re just also
Bills. 
Growing up?  I'm not aware of any downside.

Growing old, on the other hand.....  Yeah, that sucks. 
A lot of people are going to say bills but for me its the lack of friends. Everyone is busy with fam
When you realize Holy shit no one knows what the fuck is going on. As a kid you think grownups have 
Looking back and realizing how better things would be now if you’d done stuff differently.
Realizing that for the rest of your life you will likely work until you die, or if youre smart, you 
It's all pretty terrible. 
Losing the innocence
I miss those summer days as a kid just going to friends houses watching movies and playing games all
Seeing all of your friends grow up and move on with their lives 
No more Toys R Us. 
Working 
Acne. My face was like a galaxy of stars. Thankfully, my friends treated me the same, but it really 
Seeing your parents age and die.
If I ever try it I'll let you know
Being responsible for your shitty decisions 
Growing up all I wanted was the freedom of an adult, now that I'm an adult all I want is the freedom
Hangovers got way, way worse. 
Spending all of your early years wishing you were grown so that you can do whatever you want, only t
Realising how much time you wasted
Change. 
Realizing how much nostalgic moments would mean to me.  A fond nostalgic moment for me was playing t
How much rarer and harder it is to be amazed or experience the feeling of wonder you did as a kid. W
The realization that you aren't all that special like your parents told you. You're just another cog
Realizing that adults can be petty and immature. When I was a kid, I thought that people automatical
The feeling of limitless possibilities withering away as your path is becoming much more clear now. 
Realizing how shitty life in general is but I guess in that sense it makes it easier to accept death
Realizing that it will end soon
When your body decides one day that you can't move like you used or pulling a muscle reaching for yo
Taxes
Realizing just how jaded shit can be. Like being positive and being around positive people are almos
You can eat ice cream whenever you want, but you have to pay for it first... 
“You’re a slave for money and then you die”
Losing your inner child. Losing that sense of innocence like you don’t care about anything else in t
A fun analogy I have about growing up is the building by the nearest gas station to my house. Until 
Dying 
Earning money
Failure 
ED
If you ever get severe depression. 
When the bills start to pile up. 
Losing a parent/parents is pretty rough. 
Tom
Struggling with managing your time so that you can provide for yourself but also be happy. You pick 
Losing the freedom of a teenager. Admittedly becoming a teen is shite but there’s a few golden years
Shoes and Clothes.
Having to get your own insurance
Realizing just how many people are shitty and how many more people are easily manipulated by the shi
Seeing things how they really are. 

I remember these slides on the top of a popular mountain called
Folgers in my cup
Folgers in your cup.
Responsibly.   
Existential crisis.
Still being alive.
Living
Having responsibilities. And the necessity of money.
Folgers in your cup
You care more
Puberty
growing up itself is the worst part
That it transitions into growing old. 
Just growing up in general. 
Trying to find that important piece of your childhood, whatever it is, only to find out it's been al
The realization that you are gonna be nowhere what you dreamed of being as a child. For example...


School
folgers in your cup?
Realizing that school has actually been the best part of your life. 
That the world is not as simple as I thought it was.
Taxes, debt, and the realization of responsibility.
Pimples and sudden boners
Fun is expensive.
Everything fucking aches
Time. You're going to be rapidly running out of it. And before you know it....
DEAD
Besides looking after yourself financially, and the obvious bollucks, it’s fhe fact that recovering 
Hair. Hair everywhere. More hair. 
When you start changing your behaviour to fit in, I miss being able to do anything and no one would 
How long it seems to take, and then again how brief a period it seemed in hindsight. 
Working
You'll realize that sometimes, through no fault of your own, things won't work out. No matter how mu
having the free time to do anything you want but lacking the forsite to do anything useful with it a
Money is everything 
You don't have real friendships anymore, just people you meet up with like once every six months to 
Folgers in my cup.
Taxes 
 The act of growing up
you regret growing up 
probably how fast it is, you realise that when you go swimming the place where you used be up to you
Folgers in your cup!
Folgers in your cup 
Any kind of random stuff on pasta
25 mins... but! Chicken thighs rubbed in brown sugar and minced garlic, salt ,pepper, ranch seasonin
Tuna melt
Fried egg sandwich
Beef stir fry with black beans and oyster sauce. It’s so simple and quick, really delicious too! 
Milanesa and fries
Cooking 20 minutes or prepping 20 minutes?

Cooking is definitely a good steak with a sweet potato a
Garlic Bread!
Bread and something runnier than bread 
Scrambled eggs and cheese in a tortilla with salsa and sour cream. Can add spinach to eggs if you li
Omelet
Grilled Cheese sandwich
A pecan pie.
Penne pasta, sweet italian sausage, sweet basil pasta sauce.

Cook the sausage

Drain the grease

Po
Ok

- Pre cooked packed rice

- Frozen veg packet

- Egg

- Beef mince pack

Method

1.  meat in pan
We call it broccoli pasta. Sauté some finally chopped shallots and sweet onion in olive oil. Steam s
breakfast, and it usually doesn't take 20 minutes.
Put cheese on toast (or normal bread) and put it on the grill part of your oven if it has it. If the
Corned beef hash
Pita pizzas
Beacon and 5 egg sandwich 
Daddy’s cummies ☺️
the homestuck fanbase is a good reason of why i don't have hope in humanity

&#x200B;

also, i'm tal
English premier league fan base who are Indians. I understand if a person is passionate about a spor
Right now K-Pop.

Shout-out to YouTube and Casey Niestat for throwing gasoline on the fire.
My Hero Academia fanbase has a *lot* of incest ships, forcing sexualities on characters, matching ch
The Marvel fanbase. Most people there love causing drama.
Tbh I dislike any type of Fandoms that are too overbearing and aggressive. Or even desperate and fin
Metal. I love metal, but I hate the superfans.
Rick and morty
Steven Universe fanbase is super toxic and shitty. Or so I've read, I'm more of an Adventure Time gu
Any Boston sports team
The “Pot is super healthy and never hurt nobody” fan base. I am not anti pot. I do believe that ever
FNAF, it's so dead just stfu
BTS or Rick & Morty
I love Star Wars, I started becoming a fan a couple of years ago. I can't stand the older fans who t
K-Pop fanbase, especially BTS. 
Fallout. They won't stop bitching
Trump's.  There's no redeeming quality to those bunch.
BTS fans
Democrats, they downvote anything that goes against their programming.  It's tiresome.
Jojo's

The jojokes are not funny

Sthap
The "we're happy to be alive" fanbase. You see them walking about, all happy and such, and they expe
Kpop
Chillaxed dude-bros who are way too into Dave Matthews Band
Furrys
GOP fanbois
My name, you fucking heathen 
Squanchy, it's all contextual so they'll get it 
Wadu
Fuck off
"Hungry"
Shit
Nugget
Just cause
poyo, buff the pink fluff
Anything that Chris Tucker has ever said, and in his voice.
Boyo
Nevermore.
The n word 
Hoickdapipeck 
[My name, which is a continuous string of all utterances I will ever make until I die.](https://allt
Smegma
Dickbutt 
Yo
Oh, and much do you spend on car maintenance?
"Pointy eared stuck up bastards" should cover both elves and Vulcans
Twi’leks would probably be something like “Tail-heads” 
If dwarves suddenly came spewing out of their tunnels, I think "Rock Gobblers" would start up. Then 
I find elves attractive 
Beardy Bastard (dwarves)
Green skins (orcs)
Groundling, knife ears, piggies, grounddweller,...
I'm an elf and I wish other races would stop infantilizing me! 
Fucking shorts always making shit 
People asking if I'm babysitting.  No dickhead, I'm parenting. 
I'm a mom, but my husband always seems to get hit on when he is out by himself with our son. 
I used to be a stay at home dad. I took my young daughter to a nearby park on an almost daily basis.
Mostly just the general looks from others like I'm some sort of child predator. 

&#x200B;

UGLY MEN
I know someone who gets, "Oh, isn't that lovely. The dads babysitting".  While they're just out and 
Whenever I take my kids out on the weekend I feel like people think that I am just taking them out b
That I'm either divorced or widowed and don't know how to take care of my kids because I'm male and 
I was called a "Manny" once.
I was moving my kid from one car to another in front of my workplace. A woman evidently saw me and w
Whenever me and my daughter go out to the store by ourselves, there's always some random woman that 
I can't be the only father on here that just uses the women's room regularly with their baby/child? 
I think you touched on the main one. It compounds as they get a little older. A lack of family bathr
When we’re at the playground my toddler wants me to follow her around and watch her play, so if a ki
When we had our only daughter, my husband changed her first diaper after delivery. We’d both worked 
I’m going to go a little rogue with this one.. I took my son to the grocery store when mom was at wo
The general assumption that you have your child with you to give the mum a break. Like dads can't be
I did more of the leisure stuff with my dad than my mom. It’s so strange to me that our society is m
Not answering your question, but in Massachusetts every public bathroom regardless of gender designa
The amount of women who hit on my husband whenever he was out with the kids was scary.

One incident
Where I live many washrooms are now singleton-unisex--room for one adult, one adult with small child
No buyers. 😭
This question is a bit weird, what do you mean by "with no obvious mother figure present"? What are 
There are baby changing stations in mens bathrooms

The dying part. Being dead seems like it's not really a big deal, but getting there seems like a rea
dying before I clear my internet history. 
 All the amazing future stuff I'm going to miss. Space travel, colonization of other planets, all of
The fact that i won't be able to take care of my loved ones anymore... 
All the hurt it will cause those around me, they don't deserve that.
The actual point where I’m deteriorating. Like, those moments of knowing that I AM actively dying.
The unknown
Not having anyone remember you. 
And here goes my 2 nights of sleep
What if we get "reborn" or become conscious as other beings? I'm really scared to be reborn as anoth
That there is nothing. I'm not scared of dying, I'm scared of what happens next.
The nothingness. The whole "not existing" thing.
That there is nothing afterwards. No afterlife, just poof. nothing. not even the recognition of dark
The thing that scares me most about death is the knowledge (or belief) that everyone I have ever kno
That I will only get to see one era of the world. Although perhaps that is for the best with the pat
Honestly, nothing. Death is a part of life. I'd be happy I went through it and enjoy the last minute
Not existing. Forever. It's the only thing that really terrifies me. There might be some things that
Non-experience, by definition, cannot be experienced. This, to me, suggests the possibility of post-
Missing the future technology
Never coming back.
Missed time with the ones I love and not being able to be here for them
The pain my loved ones will endure.

My dog won’t understand where I’ve gone, and will never stop wa
Not being able to experience living again.
The possibility that when you die, everything you were as a living, breathing person, just doesn't e
Probably the whole after life thing
Life goes on without you while you are nothing. Life can be painful but death is scary. 
That I have so long to wait
After you die you get reincarnated and have to live this shit again. From the start! With no new gam
Knowing that my girlfriend will be devastated 
Just that life is going so fast
I’m currently in a dark place and losing a will to live. Not saying I would like to die, but I would
What happens after.
What if there is an afterlife? We know the world's religions are made up of wishful thinking and men
The sadness it will cause my loved ones. 
I don't want to leave close people, don't want them to suffer. When you die, there is always someone
I know it is such a clichè - but laying on the deathbed and regret having not done something because
Nothing
I was legally dead and I don't remember anything after waking up. I think the part about just ending
Nothing
Just the process of dying, not the result.


That I won't be reincarnated into an RPG because I wasn't hit by the right truck
There will always be more things that I wanted to do
Nothing much. That's a problem for later, I just focus on keeping on living. 
That i missed all the fun and great activities and experiences of life. Right now i'm spending life 
Everything. The dying,if it’s quick then it’s gonna be something pretty big and brutal, or slowly wh
Learning that god is my dad.
It'll hurt. But im ready I hope
Since I don't think there is anything after life, going from life to nothing would only be a loss, l
What would happen if I am forgotten, what would happen to my family afterwards, what my dog would do
What my family will go through when I'm gone.  Hopefully it's not sudden. But not too drawn out... 
Not much. I mean I’m scared dying will hurt or be this really slow agonizing process where I know wh
The feeling of fear of what comes after death the unknown scares everyone expect those who are prepa
What comes after it 
The way I die, I wanna go in my sleep if possible. 
But if  going to die painfully, I want it to be 
Fear of the unknown. 
Will my ex wives be there?
Never being able to see something im hyped for
Actually being dead. 
Leaving behind my children.
Fading into obscurity.
Heaven, Hell, or roam the Earth forever, I don't care. I just don't want to see black for the rest o
Being dead is peaceful, it’s the transition that scares me 
Dying's not the problem. Leaving my family unprepared or destitute is the worst thought.
No sure about it but what if we get reincarnated again. I fear of being incarnated as human and not 
Nothing. The scary bit is what happens before it.
Dying slow and painfully
Being dead. The passage from existing to not existing gives me major anxiety
I'm not afraid of being dead, I just have watched so many family members die that it seems such a lo
FOMO
My own death has never scared me. The idea of it doesn't really bother me except for "all the things
Not being there for my son anymore.

I want to be confident, and I want him to be confident, that he
Dying in a nursing home. 
I worry about the people I care about because if they were to die I know I'd be a fucking wreck.
Just the idea of the pain that might be involved. If I died quickly and painlessly, then I don't rea
Not having a big enough brain to understand the deep and complicated underlying elements of rigor mo
The horrible realisation as I'm dying that I'm not going to exist anymore 
Having to Share my possessions... >:(
I'm not scared of being dead; I'm slightly scared of actually dying. When I'm dead, my consciousness
To die without saying good bye to my loved ones. The things I want to tell them but I never say and 
Having no conscience. Not being able to love the people i love. Having no thoughts. No feelings. Its
FOMO
I am a single father with twins that have severe special needs. So what scares me the most is them i
Everything fades into nothingness. You hear the slightest hum of CPU  fans. Out of the corner of you
Death isn't scary but dying is. Dying can be slow, painful or unexpected. 'Death' is just whatever f
You ask me what scares me the most about death? That it isn't the end. Call it the Poincaré Recurren
It scares me that when I die I will just float around lonely never being able to touch feel or prope
Not being able to buy the iPhone 100XS for $1,000,00”
I've been under Anastasia twice, and it was just nothingness. One second the nurse is counting down,
I was reading an article on BBC about this and guess what after you die your brain is still working 
I think most people misunderstand death. Biological processes involving the same matter, and even th
Nothing

Next question
Hamsters.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **an
As a bloke whose been on the the other side of a glory hole. Straight guys should know it's mostly g
guy said "wow" as i came.
made my day more than the hand job
Once.

&#x200B;

Years ago. Back when craigslist had a personals section and I was desperate for sex
I had a friend in high school who was really into the anonymous sex scene, and he found the only hol
There's an adult store in the midwest that's known for its glory holes in the back. At the time, my 
Yes, and I loved it. A guy on Grindr said that he had one set up in his home. When I got to his plac
Yep.

It’s kinda hot not knowing them apart from how their mouth feels on my cock.

For some reason 
You sucking?
[removed]
Once, and i still don't know if i received a blowjob from a girl or from a boy
The biggest allure of a glory hole is you can’t see whose blowing you, so your imagination can get y
Just remember to use protection!
could never find one staffed by hot chicks.
Only tangentially related, but holy shit, you all are brave! I'd rather put my leg in an active wood
Glory holes were my loop holes to sleeping with straight men when I was 20.

Men love women that are
[removed]
No, but I did want to make a horse drawn carriage with booths either side in DND.

They'd be 'staffe
I was in a bathroom at a park. I noticed a hole in the stall. Some strange man was on the other side
Note to self: don't go to a gloryhole, 10/10 people here got head from a guy. 
burning metal rod was shoved up my urethra 
[removed]
[removed]
80% of statistics are made up.
Eating 7 oranges a day is the equivalent of sitting in the sun for 1 hour. 
Vitamin D 👍
When one fails to miss the point.
"Québec, by itself, produces half of the world's maple syrup supply."

It's actually 3/4.
Leaving the light on in your car is illegal
Cats are afraid of dogs
My kids get along with each other. 
Watch Jacksfilms fake facts videos on YouTube, they’re pretty funny
A fact that sounds true but isn’t cannot exist. It’s either a fact or it is not a fact.
That there is no alchohol left in foods after it is cooked. 
80% of Americans have never eaten a Twinkie. What did you expect?
Drinking 8 glasses of water a day is essential to good health.

Complete bullshit drink when you're 
The United States has a functional government 
Did you know the creator of the kcup ended up committing suicide? He felt so guilty about the amount
Doing the same thing and expecting different results is the definition of insanity. 

I hate this sa
Or that sometimes persistence pays off, etc. It’s just such a bad cliché and it gets repeated so muc
men respect feminists 
My twin brother went missing when we were 5. I’m hoping that someday someone will recognize my wang 
It seems like this question would get you a lot of unsolicited nudes. 
The theory goes if you throw enough shit at the wall some of it is bound to stick
I’d make sure the gun was loaded 
ask what the winning numbers are for the next big lottery. I wouldn't go back in time without them.
Nice try, time-traveling shapeshifter. I won't tell you how to successfully impersonate me.
That’s not how time travel works, by going back in time to change something , you lose the motivatio
I would tell myself to hold on to those meaningless bitcoins. Since that change would be insignifica
I know exactly what I'd tell me, but you'll have to file that under "nice try, FBI!"
Future Me: Look, I've got the same weird scar on my stomach.

&#x200B;

Past Me: I donno, lots of pe
Widespread use of the Internet, mobile phones, social media, the milkshake machine at McDonalds actu
Gay marriage. Would have thought that was decades down the road. 
Also, the legalization of pot is g
Smart phones. That was fast. 
The popularity of commercial air travel. 
Starbucks. Coffee was just something you had with your breakfast. Then it tasted great and now, peop
When I was younger (maybe 5-7 years old), I used to dream with only death related stuff, which might
13yo.   Grandmas house.  In the bathroom.  She had all of this weird old shit in her medicine cabine
Cat
Group project in college.  We all met at the one girls apartment.  We were in her living room workin
When I first moved in with my brother his girlfriend came into my room and caught me red handed, now
I get to work before anyone else, so I like jerking off in my boss's office.
Kellyanne Conway
I'll spare everyone the details, but it involved a potato and some ranch dressing.
School before practice 

Couldn't have just waited, past me?
Ham
Well, it involved this dance with Kiefer Sutherland, and then Brad Pitt, and then Angelina Jolie.. a
In my car, crawling along in a traffic jam.

I'm female so you can imagine it wasn't easy. 
I rubbed one out in the back row of the Dodge Caravan while driving down I-5 on a road trip to Disne
3 Bagels.
Playground.
we don't dream and drive, that’s why we got the dreamcatcher for.
I have one so hippie chicks are DTF.
That's not the only thing I've got hanging from my ceiling 😭
Hoarding shit from Goodwill. 
Toilet paper. Haven't you fools heard of the three sea shells?
From the past, sorry :/
You guys *drive* places!? On your own!!? That's so dangerous omg
Use Reddit 
No more He said She said. It says it all. 
Having eye lids. Blinking is considered a sin in the future after another bible gets created and los
Texting serious conversation
Stop jerking off in front of your webcam. You’re not alone anymore. 
There has already been a major change younger people might not be aware of. In Dad Days, when you sa
Destroy the planet. Fucking idiots 
All the selfies. I came back here to record history, we don't know what happened after the Trump ele
You guys leave your homes to meet up with friends?

Oof!
Going off the grid, trying to hide your info, etc. You lose so much access to everything if you aren
You act as if you think you're smarter than our glorious cat overlords.
Jerk off in the library. Apparently I'm a "distraction" and "Sir you need to leave immediately" or t
Throw away food.
Talking about Race. I really don't get what you all have about skin colour and all that. Real weird.
I can't believe we ever had weapons. And people with different skin colors or features feel awkward 
“You drank *milk* from a *cow* ???? That’s so weird man.”

“Let me get this straight, you stole babi
Eating beef is so gauche.
Single use plastic. 


Bags, straws, novelty items, goddamnmotherfucking glitter. You name it. 


En
Uncontained nuclear material will be detrimental to delicate electron balances that future technolog
Listening to music in public
Sorry, Protocol 2.
It was really awkward explaining all of the alien invasion movies to the first extraterrestrial worl
No politics here. 

But there will be prejudice against people who don’t work and have others suppor
stop sniffing your crotch we see your bum ass
You guys have sex for some reason? Why don't yall just make clones like decent people
Fossil fuel burning cars.  

With the increase of automated processes, the abundance of internet con
The airhead Jock bully. 

I feel that shit is overexaggerated so much. I don't remember any sporty t
The villain that explains his entire plan to the protagonist for no reason. It’s just lazy writing.
Families sitting down together for breakfast on a weekday.
that the popular girl will be impressed by the nerd and go out with them.
No refill weapons.  Shooting like there is no tommorow. 
infinite ammo.
Most "hack" scenes are complete bullshit
100 pound women that double fist desert eagles .50 AE and beat 200 pound men with punches and kicks.
An Engineer means he/she can build anything 
The idiotic teens in horror movies that decide messing with a cursed object is a good idea
I don't know if it's the most unrealistic, but seeing guys with bodybuilder type bodies who play cha
How much blood you can lose before dying
Sounds. Many sounds, including animal roars, we hear are unrealistic and has nothing to do with real
Can I talk about anime?

Everyone from Western countries (more specifically America, UK and Germany)
The Albino villain. Not only is it an unnatural and dangerous trope, sometimes the writers gift them
That the nice and nerdy guy gets the hottest girl at the end in rom coms.
"Let's all attack one-by-one and not ever team up on him. This is a much better plan!"
asians
Can I talk about anime?

Everyone from Western countries (more specifically America, UK and Germany)
High school bullying.

No one’s ever walked up to another kid in the hallway and just smacked their 
Fortnite
Flossing . The dance not the dental care.
But aren't all trends overrated? 
Instagram "businesses" 
The use of words/phrases like "fire" or "that's so fire". 
The word *cringe* gets thrown around like a fucking football.
The yearly challenge. Is it really so difficult to pour ice water over your head during the summer?

*I will downvote everything not related to Fortnite*
Fortnite
Battle Royal games... There is just too many of them.
mobile version of good pc games
Life
The trend to literally hate a trend and the people who like that trend. Let them like it, stop judgi
iPhones.
Wearing shoulder bags/fanny backs like a cross body. Some people use too large a bag. Even if its sm
Apparently it is fashionable right now to wear pants a few inches too short. First of all, if that's
Brush their teeth. That morning breath is lethal. 
Drink a glass of water. Even if you start your day with coffee, like me, drink a glass of water firs
Get to the toilet *before* you pee or poop. 
wake up, grab a brush and put a little makeup
Everyone is forgetting the most important!!! 

DRINK COLD WATER!!! 💦 💧 
Wake up and drink a full glass of water. Your ass will wake up and you will feel more engerized.
Drink a glass of water, eat breakfast and brush your teeth. 
Get up earlier than I need to.

I get up about 30-40minutes earlier than I need to before work.

The
10 pushups 
to not keep snoozing your alarm until it's no longer morning
Write down all the good stuff in your life for two minutes. It helps so much with staying positive a
Getting ready for work I listen to a podcast I like, it helps set a good tone for the day
I truly recommend turning over and going back to sleep. No need to ruin your day with things like wo
Wrap the corpse in plastic wrap TWICE!
Drink lots of water 💦 fill your stomach
Wake up. Get out of bed. Drag a comb across my head
Vape weed
Brush your teeth. Morning breath 🤢
put some clothing on if you have slept naked. 
Poop, or a jerk before work
Drink a glass of water. First thing I do everyday.
If you're tired and unfocused in the morning you should make a list of the stuff you have to do.
Stretches - look up "Radio Taiso Workout" on youtube. It's like 4 minutes and it's all basic stretch
Make your bed. 
Would recommend they make their bed as soon as you get up and always brush your teeth
If they're not working, then exercise
Fap
Lift 
Waking up
Anal
pray
The original ending of "Lost" was just... unsatisfying. Not bad. Unsatisfying. I... I thought I coul
I don't know man, something went really wrong in 2016 and we're still trying to sort it out. Just ha
You cannot change the past of any timeline, you can only create new ones from any given point, thus 
Everyone jokes about stopping bad artists from going into their field, IE Justin Bieber etc. We didn
realising how the world actually works, and how we enslave ourselves with the need for money..
Probably realizing your parents/adults in general don’t have all the solutions and they’re just also
Bills. 
Growing up?  I'm not aware of any downside.

Growing old, on the other hand.....  Yeah, that sucks. 
A lot of people are going to say bills but for me its the lack of friends. Everyone is busy with fam
When you realize Holy shit no one knows what the fuck is going on. As a kid you think grownups have 
Looking back and realizing how better things would be now if you’d done stuff differently.
Realizing that for the rest of your life you will likely work until you die, or if youre smart, you 
It's all pretty terrible. 
Losing the innocence
I miss those summer days as a kid just going to friends houses watching movies and playing games all
Seeing all of your friends grow up and move on with their lives 
No more Toys R Us. 
Working 
Acne. My face was like a galaxy of stars. Thankfully, my friends treated me the same, but it really 
Seeing your parents age and die.
If I ever try it I'll let you know
Being responsible for your shitty decisions 
Growing up all I wanted was the freedom of an adult, now that I'm an adult all I want is the freedom
Hangovers got way, way worse. 
Spending all of your early years wishing you were grown so that you can do whatever you want, only t
Realising how much time you wasted
Change. 
Realizing how much nostalgic moments would mean to me.  A fond nostalgic moment for me was playing t
How much rarer and harder it is to be amazed or experience the feeling of wonder you did as a kid. W
The realization that you aren't all that special like your parents told you. You're just another cog
Realizing that adults can be petty and immature. When I was a kid, I thought that people automatical
The feeling of limitless possibilities withering away as your path is becoming much more clear now. 
Realizing how shitty life in general is but I guess in that sense it makes it easier to accept death
Realizing that it will end soon
When your body decides one day that you can't move like you used or pulling a muscle reaching for yo
Taxes
Realizing just how jaded shit can be. Like being positive and being around positive people are almos
You can eat ice cream whenever you want, but you have to pay for it first... 
“You’re a slave for money and then you die”
Losing your inner child. Losing that sense of innocence like you don’t care about anything else in t
A fun analogy I have about growing up is the building by the nearest gas station to my house. Until 
Dying 
Earning money
Failure 
ED
If you ever get severe depression. 
When the bills start to pile up. 
Losing a parent/parents is pretty rough. 
Tom
Struggling with managing your time so that you can provide for yourself but also be happy. You pick 
Losing the freedom of a teenager. Admittedly becoming a teen is shite but there’s a few golden years
Shoes and Clothes.
Having to get your own insurance
Realizing just how many people are shitty and how many more people are easily manipulated by the shi
Seeing things how they really are. 

I remember these slides on the top of a popular mountain called
Folgers in my cup
Folgers in your cup.
Responsibly.   
Existential crisis.
Still being alive.
Living
Having responsibilities. And the necessity of money.
Folgers in your cup
You care more
Puberty
growing up itself is the worst part
That it transitions into growing old. 
Just growing up in general. 
Trying to find that important piece of your childhood, whatever it is, only to find out it's been al
The realization that you are gonna be nowhere what you dreamed of being as a child. For example...


School
folgers in your cup?
Realizing that school has actually been the best part of your life. 
That the world is not as simple as I thought it was.
Taxes, debt, and the realization of responsibility.
Pimples and sudden boners
Fun is expensive.
Everything fucking aches
Time. You're going to be rapidly running out of it. And before you know it....
DEAD
Besides looking after yourself financially, and the obvious bollucks, it’s fhe fact that recovering 
Hair. Hair everywhere. More hair. 
When you start changing your behaviour to fit in, I miss being able to do anything and no one would 
How long it seems to take, and then again how brief a period it seemed in hindsight. 
Working
You'll realize that sometimes, through no fault of your own, things won't work out. No matter how mu
having the free time to do anything you want but lacking the forsite to do anything useful with it a
Money is everything 
You don't have real friendships anymore, just people you meet up with like once every six months to 
Folgers in my cup.
Taxes 
 The act of growing up
you regret growing up 
probably how fast it is, you realise that when you go swimming the place where you used be up to you
No more 3 month summer vacations from school.
Folgers in your cup!
Folgers in your cup 
Any kind of random stuff on pasta
25 mins... but! Chicken thighs rubbed in brown sugar and minced garlic, salt ,pepper, ranch seasonin
Tuna melt
Fried egg sandwich
Beef stir fry with black beans and oyster sauce. It’s so simple and quick, really delicious too! 
Milanesa and fries
Cooking 20 minutes or prepping 20 minutes?

Cooking is definitely a good steak with a sweet potato a
Garlic Bread!
Bread and something runnier than bread 
Scrambled eggs and cheese in a tortilla with salsa and sour cream. Can add spinach to eggs if you li
Omelet
Grilled Cheese sandwich
A pecan pie.
Penne pasta, sweet italian sausage, sweet basil pasta sauce.

Cook the sausage

Drain the grease

Po
Ok

- Pre cooked packed rice

- Frozen veg packet

- Egg

- Beef mince pack

Method

1.  meat in pan
We call it broccoli pasta. Sauté some finally chopped shallots and sweet onion in olive oil. Steam s
breakfast, and it usually doesn't take 20 minutes.
Put cheese on toast (or normal bread) and put it on the grill part of your oven if it has it. If the
Corned beef hash
Pita pizzas
Beacon and 5 egg sandwich 
Daddy’s cummies ☺️
the homestuck fanbase is a good reason of why i don't have hope in humanity

&#x200B;

also, i'm tal
English premier league fan base who are Indians. I understand if a person is passionate about a spor
Right now K-Pop.

Shout-out to YouTube and Casey Niestat for throwing gasoline on the fire.
My Hero Academia fanbase has a *lot* of incest ships, forcing sexualities on characters, matching ch
The Marvel fanbase. Most people there love causing drama.
Tbh I dislike any type of Fandoms that are too overbearing and aggressive. Or even desperate and fin
Metal. I love metal, but I hate the superfans.
Rick and morty
Steven Universe fanbase is super toxic and shitty. Or so I've read, I'm more of an Adventure Time gu
Any Boston sports team
The “Pot is super healthy and never hurt nobody” fan base. I am not anti pot. I do believe that ever
FNAF, it's so dead just stfu
BTS or Rick & Morty
I love Star Wars, I started becoming a fan a couple of years ago. I can't stand the older fans who t
K-Pop fanbase, especially BTS. 
Fallout. They won't stop bitching
Trump's.  There's no redeeming quality to those bunch.
BTS fans
Democrats, they downvote anything that goes against their programming.  It's tiresome.
Jojo's

The jojokes are not funny

Sthap
The "we're happy to be alive" fanbase. You see them walking about, all happy and such, and they expe
Kpop
Chillaxed dude-bros who are way too into Dave Matthews Band
Furrys
GOP fanbois
My name, you fucking heathen 
Squanchy, it's all contextual so they'll get it 
Wadu
Fuck off
"Hungry"
Shit
Nugget
Just cause
poyo, buff the pink fluff
Anything that Chris Tucker has ever said, and in his voice.
Boyo
Nevermore.
The n word 
Hoickdapipeck 
[My name, which is a continuous string of all utterances I will ever make until I die.](https://allt
Smegma
Dickbutt 
Yo
Mate i'm in the Army, where do I start?
Co-worker's shoe
University library to relieve tension while studying for finals
Great ocean road scenic outlook
Airplane shitter. 

At least I joined the mile high club
In the backyard of a friends house in the middle of the night. There were lots of other houses with 
Grandma's house
stuck in a youth hostel with about 10 people sleeping in bunkbeds around me. It was the quietest wan
[deleted]
Public Jacuzzi
at my desk in work in a busy open plan office. I'm a guy btw
10th grade Math class.
Behind your house.
Louis CK would be turning in his grave!
Driving on the highway
Playground.
A hot tub at a public pool. The bubbles helped a lot.
In my car before work at 7 am in the parking lot [F]. And that's why I'll never stay in a sexless re
Came here to read this 
7th grade science class.  
It was my seminal achievement.   

I was at a big family dinner and I was sitting across to one of my hot cousins and I rubbed one out 
Oh, and much do you spend on car maintenance?
"What are your friends like?"

Listen to how they answer. Gotta make sure they know you're not askin
Have you ever fucked a toddler?
Do you have any outstanding warrants?
What's your favorite book?

So many things you can glean from this.
“Man, roommates can be crazy. Have you ever had any bad ones?”

If there are A LOT of stories here, 
Just watch how he treats the wait staff if you go to dinner. That will tell you tons about his perso
"Why can't you find anyone better than me?"
Black Widow. For reasons.
Jesus Christ
Henry Gupta
The genie from Aladdin 
Cosmo and Wanda
Katniss Everdeen survival tactics
Patrick Bateman.  He could give me style tips, plus we could listen to Huey Lewis and the News.  I w
I'm demisexual, but that's almost the same. I just don't understand why it's so important. Yes, I lo
Turns me on
I think it's a complete waste of time and money and also caused unneeded personal conflict. Overall 
I guess it makes sense from an evolutionary perspective? So logically I can understand why it's impo
Other people’s level of attractiveness towards you. I’ve been told that I’m oblivious, and I’ve miss
(Mental) Illnesses. I know I am not the only one that struggles with having to explain how ill I act
The monster from bird box, its fucking beautiful and everyone should see it
Pain. It would be so useful to be able to see it.
Love would be great so you don’t have anyone second guessing their partners and overthinking the shi
Empathy. 
Other people's internal struggles. Not specifically knowing what they are, just being able to see th
People's affection for others because I love playing cupid (though I have never in my life) but it m
kindness

&#x200B;
An assholery meter. If you're being a dick, you and everyone else can see it.
Apathy 
The different layers of consciousness. eg Evolutions point of view.
My dick.
Time.

If we could physically see how much we waste it, how much of it is take by various tasks and 
How much effort one puts in to their relationships, or just simply how far they go out of their way 
How long the age of the universe is. 
What's going on in your pet's mind.
Love. I would love to see that in a physical sense. 
Every step you take.

Every move you make.

I’ll be watching you.
Come together...right now...over me.
He sees you when you're sleeping, he knows when you're awake
Most rap lyrics are creepy in or out of context.
I CUM BLOOD
Slayer-Angel of death.
Mama, I killed a man 

"Place your head on my beating heart" puts the romantic in necromantic ritual.
'' You better watch out, you better not cry. Better not pout, I'm telling you why.''

Honestly this 
"Running around leaving scars,

Collecting your jar of hearts..."
“I am a thief, I am a murderer
Walking up this lonely hill
What have I done? No, I don't remember
No
You raise the blade, you make the change

You re-arrange me till I'm sane
Stiff Little Fingers' "White Noise"

[Lyrics](http://www.plyrics.com/lyrics/stifflittlefingers/white
Thunderbolts and lightning! 
"It's raining men"
"Come on baby make it hurt so good. Sometimes love don't feel like it should. You make it hurt so go
Give it to me baby
Give it to me baby!
Most of today's pop hits' lyrics are frightening *with* context 
Ding dong, I know you can hear me, open up the door, I only wanna play a little~
I'll grind up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins
I want to spread you out, touching whoever's behind
Take your baby by the hair

And pull her close and there, there, there

And take your baby by the ea
Sex on fire
Give it up, baby.
Give it up na na na nana na na na na na NOW.
(KC and the Sunshine Band)
I've been wantin' to murder people

Suicide is played out, if you gonna die, take people with you

W
Steel Panther 

&#x200B;
OMFG YES!

Also, no one ever finishes a meal before walking away from a table and no one ever says g
Yes and also that it's hardly ever acknowledged
fucking Denny
Yes! Especially when it’s cold outside and they just leave the front door open... like wtf how did y
Well now that I'm aware of it I'm definitely going to be paying more attention
That 70s show they never close the sliding door leading to the driveway
Yes that bothers me, also when the door does get closed but they don’t lock it.
Only if the door leads outside.
contemplate existence

wonder what im doing with my life

masturbate
look at memes
Watch Netflix
Head over to tinder and get someone to go to dinner with.
Text one of my exes. 
Hug my waifu
Listen to Druqs by Aphex Twin
Lay on my couch while futurama plays on the tv.
Just get up and do something. Go for a hike or just a walk depending on where you are
Start conversations with people online while listening to depressing music.
Completely shut down.
Fight the urge to text my ex. 
Not an artist, but a researcher who studied tattoos. 

Interviewed a veteran, one arm had a list of 
Not a tattoo artist, but a guy I knew in highschool got the names of five or so girls who friendzone
I know someone who got cuts tattooed on their arms
My sister was a tattoo artist for some time. She did a cute looking tattoo of some food, I won't say
"I just think barbed wire arm bands are badass!"
What is love by haddaway
What a wonderful world
Four minutes, thirty-three seconds by John Cage
Island in the sun- Wezzer 
Staying alive. 
Never going to let you down, Rick Astley
Feels like summer - Childish Gambino
Probably Gravemakers and Gunslingers by Coheed And Cambria.
obtained enslavement - soulblight
I think I would have to go with either the Blue Danube by Johann Strauss or Si Tu Vois Ma Mere by Cl
It's a small word after all 
What I got - Sublime
Knights of shame by awolnation.
I was burried at mt. Pleasant cemetary by woods of ypres 
Bassline Yatteru by Camellia and Nanahira
Mr Jones by Counting Crows
no song, quiet
The firefly mashup of childish gambino and owl city made by not daredevil mashups
People and anything
Crab, wasp, scorpion.
Albatross and pigs so they can finally fly.
Cow, chicken and pig. It would be tye the world's tastiest creature. 
whaleroach
Platypus, mountain lion, Orca. 

We would have a venomous 50' long clawed Apex predator that hunts i
Narwhal and horse, aquatic unicorn!
Thundercats
Electric eel x mouse = Pikachu. 
Imagine a whale with gigantic bird wings.
What about mules, ligers and tions?
Great white shark x Wedge Tail Eagle. With Air and Sea covered, there's a predator that doesn't real
Frog and giraffe. Just one big hopping neck. 
Blue Scorpion wasps
spider ants
I would want a mix between an cat and a racoon, or a racoon and a fox
Bat octopus. Smart, can squeeze through very small spaces, can fly, has echolocation, can camouflage
Hawk and Spider.
Humans and spiders. Hey that could make a great movie!
Giraffe and a T-rex
Dunkleosteus and a Tiger 

A new apex predator that can take an elephant’s leg off with one bite
Tardigrade (“Water Bear”) x Mantis Shrimp

...and thus ends humanity’s reign on Earth....
An easy question. I would cross a horse with a dragon. Oh! wait. That's already been done. And I hav
Dolphin and Ostrich. 
Overwatch
This is oddly specific but the Ump in Csgo, I used that gun before it became meta because I saw the 
Thrift stores
Harry Potter, my dad brought home the first book.
Fortnite
Eating ass
Snapchat
Netflix
Coldplay
Homestuck. I followed MSPA from Problem Sleuth (the comic Hussie made before Homestuck) - and hence 
Dia de los muertos
Vintage guitar collecting.
Tattoos. They were cool until everyone starting getting them.
DnD. I've been playing since highschool, and the recent advent of online games and streams has massi
Memes in general.

I mean like before memes were a thing, I like to enjoy YouTube Poop videos, which
Unfortunately, the Twilight series. In my defense, I was 10 when the first book was published. 
Pubg is 
Standing up,
Listening to "What does the fox say?"
Your mom.  
r/bigasses
This is a sad question with even sadder replies.
r/teenagers has a great community, everyone loves each other and even though I'm new I feel loved

A
/r/OddlySatisfying 
r/showerthoughts
r/midgetsmut/
/r/prequelmemes
r/gaming

It introduced me to so many new communities that I now love.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **an
First time traveling abroad to Asia PAC. 5am at Singapore customs. Suddenly security surrounds me an
Every second I spent in North Korea was pretty intense. There were odd men follwing us around and ou
I went to the pyramids during the Morse overthrow, and there was a long line of ~100 rotting horses 
Traveled to Paris as a sophomore in high school; we were told that pickpocketers were a HUGE issue a
When I was 19 I was travelling around Europe by myself. I was in a southern Italian city in October,
Experienced an earthquake while in a volcanic crater. Except it wasn’t that horrifying as it was hap
Saw a gruesomely mangled dead body on the side of the road while in a taxi driving thru a village ne
I got dehydrated and had a severe bacterial infection (likely from the food) in Nicaragua. The hospi
Definitely not horrifying, but my girlfriend's phone was stolen in Spain last summer, at night, whil
I guess hiding out in the hotel room during the short revolution in Pakistan in the 80’s was it for 
Illegally detained by corrupt police in India for a few months.  Had to get money sent over by frien
An obligatory not me... but happened to my boyfriend a short while before we met.

Boyfriend and a f
Trip to Bali circa 2012. My third time, my partners first overseas trip. Was lovely.

Second last da
India, where someone turned the knob and tried to open the hotel door at midnight when I was sleepin
Dont know if this counts. But Had a bit of a layover in china last year. Every chinese airport emplo
I got date rape drugged in Norway. It was pretty horrible. 
Popped into town to pick up a new charging cable for my phone.

When I got home my wife called me in
Was in israel and a two week war started. A suicide bomber was caught at our hotel gate with a white
I was 13 in Italy without my family and the card they gave me didn’t work outside the us.

I was luc
My family and I went on a week long trip to Egypt for my dad's work. In some ways it was the most am
Got hit by a car in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Week or so later, discharged in a wheelchair with casts
Sandals hotel...just don’t 
My husband and I went to Thailand for our honeymoon. We stayed at a hotel in Bangkok and wanted to g
Was in the top floor of a 7 story apartment air b&b when the mag 6 earthquake hit Osaka this past su
Nothing super-horrifying but I went on a trip to Jamaica that was a mix of fun and crazy.  I was the
Got really sick while living in Accra, doctor requested for a urine sample, when I sent it, she came
I was driving to Riga airport in Latvia, the sat Nav in the rental car sent me through a checkpoint.
Was in berlin on a school trip and we were in the subway when a old woman started screaming at some 
Last time I was in Mexico, my friend and I were sitting on the beach watching the sunset. By the tim
This will probably be burried but whatever.

TL;DR: Someone tried to rob/kidnap me while I was sleep
Arrested in Ipanema for driving without ID and put in a cell with several Transvestites.  
Posting on cake day, you are a bold one
Cop racing me at 130 mph. Job offer from Mi5. Milkshake in McDonalds.
A friend of mine got a text from an international number saying literally “I’m coming to your house 
I had an old woman die while I was changing her (in a hospital with another nurse). Her daughter was
I immediately went to sleep without changing my clothes then the next day, my shirt was reversed (?)
Feeling that there are some dark energies in the house, just a gut feeling and i can’t seem to prove
I drifted sideways into a parking spot of a gas station that I wasn't even planning on stopping in b
My grandpa used to jokingly scare me and my lil brother by telling us "Bijeau" is gonna take us away
"if you don't pray 5 times a day you're gonna burn every single day forever" 
'The Shed Monster'  
Terrified me for years, even after we moved out of the house. They made the sto
Cow tongue and
Goat brain stew
I live in NY so nothing surprises me when it comes to food. But if I had to pick something it would 
My aunt lives in Washington state out in the sticks. She came across a bear on her property, shot it
Chickens feet at a dim sum restaurant. It's all skin bone and cartilage. 
An ostrich burger.
Cod tongues are pretty much revered where I am from, so maybe that? My partner who is from another c
Dried frog uterus. 

If that sounds tiny, it is. It came in a package containing thousands of them, 
Anything my dad makes their not really weird but more as disgustANG and little bits of meat or somet
I ate some dragon fruit yesterday. I did not like it
Fried Cow Udder.

It was part of a historical food/beer tour in Munich.

It was chewy.  Wouldn't rec
Cuy.  
Pigs heart. I was a child and had no say in the matter. Also, sheep's stomach.
I have nephews that are identical twins and one had to have open-heart surgery as a baby so everyone
Twin mom of identical twin girls here. After we brought them home from the NICU, we immediately pain
Not a parent but an aunt who spends the night and helps since they’re four months old. They have dif
I knew a set of parents that used different coloured nail polish on the big toe nail of their twins.
I didn‘t
Whip out the Sharpie and mark them up.
You just kind of know. We were worried we wouldn't be able to tell, but even though nobody else can 
One was boy and one was girl
Cheating. No tolerance because it's happened before and I never dream of that sort of thing. 
If they expect me to stay home and clean, while they do no cleaning. Nope, not a grown ass man's mom
How they treat waitstaff, especially when waitstaff did nothing wrong - because if they are nasty to
Control, particularly when it's early days. I don't need someone to run my life for me
Telling me what to think.
Racism, sexism, homophobia, or transphobia. Especially the last two because I'm bi and trans.
Bad teeth. Ugh yuck. They repulse me.
bragging about holes punched in walls or generally trying to prove they can't control their anger bu
Or enby pals!
One that's paid off and runs.
Koenigsegg Agera RS 
The Delorean time machine.
A Honda Fit. Not too big, not too small, perfect for a city and really good on highways too.

Fit is
67 shelby mustang gt500
Audi R8 V10 Plus. Dark Silver
Aston Martin One-77
I have three.

Classic - Duesenberg Twenty Grand

Muscle - 1968 Ford GT 40

Super - 2017 Pagani Zond
95 Dodge Viper GTS-R
Batmobile.
Lamborghini Diablo

Caterham Super 7

I'd like to add a turbo kit to my Mustang
McLaren 570
Ariel Atom. 
Nissan skyline gtr r34
Realistic: Mercedes GLA 250 (because used is totally fine) 

Unrealistic: Aston Martin Vanquish 

Sl
Probably an E28 M5 if I were going to daily drive it. Or an FD RX-7, I could probably daily somethin
Matte Black GLK-350
A 1957 red plymouth fury
Aston Martin DB11

Used to be the DB9. I reckon if I can ever afford one, by that time it'll be a ne
One that can fly and go really fast and everyone thinks I'm cool and wants to be my friend so I take
1970 Superbird or Daytona charger I’ve always loved those cars.
993 Porsche 911 Turbo S in Arena Red
A 1979 5 speed manual transmission Toyota Corolla. It was my first car back in 1990 and I COULD NOT 
Any z series 240-260-280 
Datsun 510
1970-1980’s land cruiser 
Porsche 928
A land cruiser. Not the newer models but the 70's or 80's truck type ones. They look dope with decen
McLaren 720S

Or a Ferrari F12 N-Largo
'05 Subaru Impreza Midnight Blue
I had a dream once that I had a DeLorean that was emerald green. It was still the stainless steel bo
BMW m2 competition
One that gets 3 million miles per gallon.
1986 Mercury Sable, black, loaded with all the options (moonroof, electronic gauges, leather, InstaC
Lada Niva 
A 1957 Thunderbird convertible, cherry red with white interior 😍
Jeep YJ painted like Jurassic Park. I already have the jeep, just need to save up to get it painted.
1988 BMW E30 M3

Fender flares *from the factory*.
A white Mazda MX5, but none of the newer models. My dad used to drive one when I was a kid and when 
1969 (68 thru 72) Jaguar E type roadster. 

The most beautiful car ever designed and a true Joy to d
A 1971 Chevrolet Chevelle super sport, in Cherry red with a pair of black stripes,pure muscle
A late 1930s pickup truck. Favorite years are 1936-38, don’t care between Ford and Chevy.
One that turns into a plane , a boat, a submarine, a house and a car at the flick of a button. 
Mazda rx7 veilside Fortune body kit
Model S100DL.
Jeep Wrangler.
Affordable: Manual Subaru Impreza hatch. 

Unaffordable: Mercedes Benz sls amg gtr

Completely unrea
a car with 4 doors
Pontiac Firebird, black, the ones that look just like the Batmobile
Black Cadillac escalade
Maserati Sounder
'73 Corvette.

Always loved 'em.
Race yellow Mazda Rx-7 with BBS rims 
A 1967 Pontiac Beaumont Sport Deluxe.
ford explorer
I fell in love with the new Dodge Challengers when they first came out. I KNOW they're heavy and har
A Dodge demon for now. An f12 Berlinetta for later.

Chevy Kodiak. Biggest pickup I've ever seen.
Literally any third gen f body. It hurts so bad because I came so close to owning an 87 formula fire
A silver Sebring convertible 
[This little guy.](https://www.icon4x4.com/reformer/pastprojects/21) Or maybe [this guy](https://www
I always wanted a fiat 500 convertible but then I test drove one. Nope. 
Lotus Elite. 

It was announced in 2011, but was canceled. It would've likely been street legal in t
In the shop.
One that runs and will pass inspection and I don't owe any more money on
Jag F-Type
Mines definitely a 2007 Ford gt
A red buggy with a yellow cap!


If you get this, we are now friend's.
Nissan 240z.

Honestly, my biggest fantasy is one day going on a date with a girl, she says she will
I have simple desires....all I want is a 1971 Triumph TR6
Okay, I know almost absolutely nothing about cars, BUT, I want a pastel pink sparkly Volkswagen Beet
1. Toyota Supra MK4
2. McLaren Senna
3. Ford GT40 Le Mans
4. Ken Block Porsche 911 (1970-80?)
5.Nasc
Ferrari F40. Enzo Ferrari’s last hand-guided project. Forza Ferrari 
A camaro. I know it’s not extremely lavish but I think they are beautiful if you get the right color
69 Camaro SS. Emerald green cpdy paint with black racing stripes. Emerald green leather seats, dashb
An all black 1969 Chevy Camaro Z28
E30 M3

It’s all I want and I don’t see myself not wanting it over any other vehicle 
R34 Skyline GTR always and forever. You know why.
dodge charger '68
It’s a flying one. That can go into space. To other planets. Ever read Calvin & Hobbes?
Aptera 2
tesla, i dont care which
I have always wanted a Tesla because of the environmental conscience aspect and support for Musk's s
My paid off Ford Raptor. 
Mercedes G Wagon 
Diesel Chevy Cruze
A Nissan Skyline R33 GTR.
C6 Corvette ZR1
The Tesla Roadster that's going to be released in 2020.

&#x200B;

Supposed to be the fastest stock 
I have my dream car! I don’t know much about cars, or have a lot of money so here is why I like mine
White Tesla Roadster
Tesla Performance Model 3
A Toyota Sienna Minivan

&#x200B;
NIO EP9
'69 pontiac GTO with an automatic transmission and modern sound system.  i know the auto purists wil
Optimus prime
Ferrari Enzo in Red 
Ariel Atom. Only for use on sunny days, but it looks fun as hell to drive. 
64 impala 
First gen Lamborghini Murcielago in yellow exactly like the one in the Need For Speed Hot Pursuit 2 
When I was a teenager, my dream car was a 1966 Mustang, and I actually got to have that car when I w
I've had my dream car. It was great, driving was a thrill. Traffic no longer an issue. However not t
Audi Q7
1964 Chevy Corvette. T-back. Dark green. 
2019 Mercedes-Benz S 450
A stock, unmodified, low mileage, 1998 Honda Civic EX. Wanted to get one as my first in high school 
Porshe 911 Carrara S
Mitsubishi Evo X in a nice sunset red.
Vintage 1978 Datsun 280Z, Preferably Blue or Grey. None of that Stupid rice-rocket shit people turn 
Dodge Viper red or blue with white stripes and side exhaust 
Aaa shit the new Ford GT is the perfect useless sports car no sane person would own. I want that. 
BMW E34
Idk, ‘Raris are kinda cool
An RWB Porsche 964
Audi R8
An all white Mercedes SLR, with blacked out windows 
My Nissan Silvia 200sx s14. Such a pain yet so rewarding 
Ferrari F40
71 Mustang 
Turbo SC300. I'll take a luxury Supra any day.
Rolls Royce Ghost 2018. And of course I would need a chauffeur aswell.
Local Motors Rally Fighter. I'll make my own detours.
FD RX7 with an LS V8 swap
Tesla model 3 

or

Corvette stingray
1970 Judge or Satellite 
500-600 hp sleeper or rat rod
67 Shelby Mustang GT 500. Eleanor. 
Audi S7. I’d take almost any year, but I think the 2019 will be gorgeous.
Any early (1960-1970) Porsche 911. 
the cars
Take the exterior of a Beetle with convertible top. Convert it to electric. Glass cockpit style inte
Black 1962 Corvette or a 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88


1967 Pontiac firebird
Citroen DS 23
Lotus 2 eleven gt4
Audi RS4 B5. Wagons are cool, but fast sleeper wagons are the coolest! 
Ford Raptor.
AMG C63
Unrealistic: De Tomaso Pantera from the 80s. It looks even more 80s than the Countach and it can tea
Mclaren p1
New Honda/Accura NSX.
I prefer my dream cars be affordable and actually achievable to me. I own 1 1/2 of my main 2 (Chevy 
Realistically, a Mazda 6, they’re so pretty. But if i won the lotto I would get an Aston Martin.
cheap and reliable. 
Aston Martin DB11
a car that drives
[The 1974 Dodge Tradesman](https://i.imgur.com/beDHhyq.jpg) from Knights of Badassdom. 

Fully moder
Throwback to [childhood](https://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/01/29/article-2548056-1B0C0E9D00000578
mustang GT '85.

not sure why. old punisher? gorgeous.
Mercedes S65 AMG
Underwater photographer. I'd do it free
Honda CRV 
Toyota 2000GT + MKIV Supra TT
2006 manual Lamborghini Gallardo
1976 Black  Trans Am with the gold eagle on the hood and the T-top.
Genesis G80 and a Porsche Cayman S. 
1972 VW Fastback.
2020 Tesla Roadster
Oscar Meyer Weiner Mobile
-Chevy Corvette Z06
-Shelby Mustang GT350R
- ‘67 Mustang Fastback
1969 COPO Camaro
Mclaren P1
a tvr cerbera.
A 1972 Chevy Chevelle 454 w/Cowel inductor.
British Racing Green Jaguar E Type Series 1.5 with a tan interior
SSC Tuatara. I know it's not in production yet but I dont care it's still my dream car.
Dodge Challenger Demon
I want the car as durable as possible, cheap in maintenance, and a good mileage. 

I don't need it t
GMC Vandura 
Sports
1984 civic hatchback 
I want the newest Mustang in a pretty color, like a dark purple or something
Alfa romeo 8c
Caterham 620S.  I could drive slow, fast, rain or shine, snow or mud and still have guaranteed more 
'97 Toyota Camry
VW T6 California Beach
2017 range Rover land rover 😍
One that can fly...  With big tits as airbags and it runs on oxygen. That would be my dream car. 

O
Reliant Regal
A car


I'm poor
Unpopular opinion but....(hack) (cough)

A PRIUS
D be happy with a Subaru Outback. Something you can take the dogs out to the countryside in :)
An tesla or an Audi RS6 Avant, both pratical, kinda low-key cars that are hella fast
Jeep Wrangler unlimited with a hellcat engine
The R34 GT-R Nismo Z-tune manual with a centrifugal supercharger, a small turbo for low end power, a
A Mclaren F1
A black 1967 Lincoln Continental hardtop in mint condition. A car almost impossible to find in my ne
A classic v8 Jaguar E type with updated safety features in either black or maroon. In my opinion, th
1998 WRX STI 2 door sedan, rally blue.
Land Rover Defender 90
I'd love something with self-parking. It's a must for my next car, I cannot parallel park to save my
Realistic: Merc C63s AMG in black with that gorgeous killer brown leather interior.  

I could never
A Speederbike from Star Wars
A brand-new Subaru Forester.

Barring that, my 02 Subaru Forester restored to like-new condition. 


Tesla roadster
FD Mazda RX7 Spirit R Type A.

I want to tell people my car is powered by two magical spinning dorit
Simple but a Mini Cooper S convertible - paid off, chili pack and retro pack. 
Subaru WRX turbo! So I can drive at 25mph to my job!
A jeep
Alfa Romeo Bertone Carabo

Lancia Delta S4


1967 Shelby GT500
Practical: Tesla Model S (fully optioned with ludicrous mode)

Impractical:  Tesla Roadster

ICE Pra
Cadillac Ciel
There is no one car... I’m currently dreaming of building an ls miata when I get home from deploymen
A tesla
Any 2018 Range Rover 
One that comes with a full time driver so I can sit in the back and read.
wow op great question! My family very poor so any car is dream car!!
2019 Jeep Grand Cherokee.
Dark cyan Bugatti Veyron
One that never runs out of gasoline and never requires repairs either.
Shelby Cobra, blue with white stripes 
Hyundai Kona EV - available soon
Uber black driving me everywhere
no idea, something fast and powerful, with a "sporty-futuristic'' look!
Back before modern cars got all bubbly and slanty, I really wanted a Nissan Rogue. Now all I want is
I don't really care that much about cars.

I wouldn't mind a modern Ford Fusion with all the bells a
Note driving for Uber or Lyft - I averaged $3.22 per hour, over the course of a year - https://youtu
Self driving car integrated into the blockchain economy.

So many exciting possibilities happen when
They thought Philly cheesesteaks were nasty but thinks McDonald's hamburger meals were the best thin
they didn’t like dogs
If a person doesn't like cats or is allergic to them, that's a deal breaker for me.
One gal didn't like being touched, which was mostly fine 'cause I'm generally not physically affecti
“Why do you grind your coffee?  Foldger’s tastes just as good as anything else, why can’t we get Sta
No Country For Old Men.
No Country For Old Men
*The Usual Suspects*.

Kevin Spacey's whole "hobby" aside, it has quite possibly the best reveal I'v
Rogue One kinda
Bad News Bears
MacBeth
Star Wars. From my point of view the Jedi are evil.
Kingpin, Bill Murray's character wins the bowling tournament instead of Woody Harrelson
the original/alternate ending of i am legend 
This isn't a movie, but "The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals". Honestly, I was quite sad that Emma neve
World war 2
Leon the professional 
Tom and Jerry
I saw one of the female co-workers scratching her crotch in the store room. She then proceeded to sm
Pick his nose and eat the booger.
Straighten out a paperclip & use it to dig in her ears.
Masturbate to a photo of a customer.





Context: It was my roommate when I was working on cruisesh
I dont give gold, i dont receive gold. I'm staying out of the gold market. 
It was a response to a comment that someone had made to my original comment that made me laugh so ha
The comment made me laugh so hard and long that my sleeping wife woke up and was concerned. 
They provided a rational argument where none was to be found. 
I literally gave my first gold to someone an hour ago. Their post was really emotional, but didn't h
It definitely wasn't for posts that essentially beg to be guilded.
 post in r/funny Who made me laugh the way I did not laugh for a long long time
I don’t remember, i did it on accident and accidentally hit the accept button that popped on the scr
You’ll never know.
I offered it on /r/tipofmytongue because I was desperate to find what song was playing in a YouTube 
I had a thought one day that being reddit is very liberal I bet the folks over in /r/conservatives p
I was putting together a website for my photography and wanted to make a simple image gallery. But e
This one. 
About 50k 
A decent sized loan and a well though out business plan.

On another note, the signature pizza would
A small buisness loan from the bank, and a guy who knows how to make pizza crust and sauce from scra
A lot of...... dough. 
Lol. I like. 
First let me get my gourmet nacho/taco bar, Top Nach, off the ground. 
I'd rather open Jehovahs Fitness.
Loaf of bread and a couple fish 
I live in a college town, so... just a loan.  Frankly, the name might even make the loan easier to g
Your soul... and about 120k
Seed money to start it
The dough to get into business. 
Conquer the world through mind games. Just once. Kthx.
Die, not for any depressed reasons but to know what know, while living, what no one else will 
Open a big cage full of laxative fed pigeons in a busy street.
Delete my student loans from existing 
First, go find an inexpensive car, preferably something with a fair amount of power and rig it up wi
Shoot my asshole neighbors who I have to call the police on at least every other week. The entire ne
Murder 
kill my self 
Whoop my bosses ass.
Assuming anything means absolutely anything, Laws of Physics be damned, I would find a way to travel
Meth.
Strip the most powerful / weathy people and businesses of everything.
[removed]
Eat, sleep, masturbate, play video games and repeat? 
Get up. Go to school. Have lunch. Come home from school. Do a lot of homework. Have dinner. Go to be
Boarding school

Get up
Breakfast
Football
Assembly
Lessons
Lunch
Football
Lessons
Football
Tea
Prep
Sleep. School and be an irritating little shit. 
Wake up, wank, breakfast, school (maybe wank), sports after school, home, homework, chill and watch 
Basketball, music jamming, dota 1, overnight with friends, finishing a game in ps1 without using any
Wake up, get ready for school, walk to school, finish school, get home and eat, masturbate, play Xbo
Get up groggy, go to school, sleep in class, ace my tests, go home, get screamed at by my mom, hide 
Wake up, take my meds, go to school, get on a bus to go to university classes, come back to the high
GoldenEye, jello pudding snacks, Toonami, walking the railroad tracks, D&D.
I can't remember. Was I 15 that year? Was I?
I mean im 15 and my daily routine is video games and masturbating and sleeping
Wake up, hate life, shower/breakfast, hate life, go to school, hate EVERYBODY, go home, hate life, e
I grew up on a caravan site. I’d wake up, get ready and depending on weather go with my friends down
Get up at 6. Breakfast. Get ready. Sleep another 10 minutes. Get to bus. Sleep on bus. Arrive at sch
I was a manager at a sporting goods store. The whole staff, aside from the store manager were colleg
He didn’t wash his clothes for a week as he had no money and was getting evicted. 

There was a laun
Started innocently enough with a Facebook friend request with someone I would have lunch with in the
We also had people blow up the bathroom, try to murder other employees the list goes on. 
Someone took a massive dump in the bathroom.

One lady drove her car on the sidewalk in a fit of rag
At my previous job, a guy I worked with asked me on a date and I politely said no. His response was 
Body odor. I work in HR. 
A male boss was convinced that I was in the closet. When I transitioned from a staffing agency to a 
Guy I worked with had swastikas tattooed across his arms and was using racial slurs.
I almost went when our department moved and I ended up next to someone who passed gas regularly. It 
Friday by Rebecca Black

basically my life is a trainwreck and a stupid meme
Hurt, the Johnny Cash version. 
S3RL - MTC (Masturbate to Cartoons)
Imagine dragons zero 
Dream Theater - Solitary Shell ..
Loser by Beck
[Kontrust's Bomba](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUO9SNCBL6U) where my username comes from. 
The devil makes three- Graveyard
I don't speak love The Radiators
I walk a lonely road.
Darude - sandstorm
Coming Up! like a flower! it's coming up!
Pink Guy - Help
Ball and Chain by Social distortion. Such a good melody, but sad lyrics 
Might just be me, but ill deliberately make some sort of noise when walking behind a woman, like sna
That weird side step to unstick your balls from your thigh/gooch 
The fear of one day getting my balls caught in my zipper again
Leaning your hand on the wall behind the toilet to pee with morning wood 
If I don’t reach that tree before that car. I’ll die.
The questioning of intentions maybe. Did that cab driver pick me up instead of the group beside me b
Take ya bra off after a long day... 
Getting killed for saying no.
Roll out of bed, throw on pants, walk down the road to get food regardless of time of day and not gi
When taking pictures with my boys, I like to get a few of me holding them up by their ankles. It was
The sack pinch-and-twist itch trick
Can't comment on a post about the struggles women face in the world without harassment
Front wedgies
Having to sit more carefully so you don't hurt yo balls. I would sit in a slightly weird position, a
dreaming of equal rights
Die on average ten years younger, retire 5 years later, yay equality! (Uk)
As an Apache helicopter I can do amazing twirls in the sky, which males, females and the other 500+ 
I think they are completely unaware of how little we care about stuff other than food, sex and whate
Choose what’s for dinner 
Commit suicide.
Because you love them.

In a lot of cases, who you love is one of the most important things in your 
You give them your absolute all. And when you're willing to excuse/overlook the bullshit your partne
If it’s a family member, it can be hard because our family often times creates our triggers as we gr
because you trust the ones you love and trust is a weakness
The answer is in your question 
Because you love them their actions have more effect on you, so if someone who you dont care about d
Because you let them in further than others. 
Because you're expectations of them are too high. 
Their actions wouldn’t hurt as much if you didn’t love them. It’s not that they set out to hurt you 
Like a pacemaker, you're shoving something into your heart and becoming dependent on it. When it mal
The one you love the most is the one you can least stand to lose. But you're going to lose them even
Sometimes love right where you hating most, Kate-Monster.
MMORPG addiction 
Because they matter a lot to u
Because you care. You cannot get hurt unless you don't care. 
Being internet famous. 
Sex

I used to think of it as my “end all” life goal, everything would fall into place after I did i
Reddit 
Svedka
PlayStation
Apple products.
pussy
Anime in general. I've tried to get into it but it's not for me. But the fans insist that I haven't 
the United States of America 
Life
mobile phone
licking their own asshole in the living room.


..damnit dog!
Hiding under the bed going to town licking my girlfriend’s panties while we had sex on top of him.


using all our dishwear as ashtrays. literally to the point where we had no plates left in the kitche
There were wrappers of potato chips under his bed. It was over 50 such wrappers. Dude often complain
She would leave used tampons on the sink in the shared bathroom. 
Freshman year of college I woke up to see my roomie getting fucked in the ass by her friend :|
Tinnitus
Feminism. 
Moist. Or swarthy.
Fortnite
Fortnite
Furries
"Doggo."
Amazeballs
Curdle 
Memes.

Don't know why, I just hate how it sounds
Yeet.
Brexit. Dear god when will it ever be sorted?
Evangelical.
*airhorns*
Dead
That comically long song RV horn that someone living near me has. 
I can't find any. 
Peer reviewed. 

Pls no. 
Suppurations 
Stinks. I hate that word. 
My ex's name.
Leaky
Literally.

It's misuse and overuse has completely removed all meaning from it's intended purpose.


Y'all
What if they make more than you or less than you? That may make them feel embarrassed for whatever r
Because, by making the general population think that talking about money is rude, they will never qu
Because that’s their personal business 
You're essentially asking what they (in a very concrete way) is worth to society - and most people d
Because businesses benefit from people not knowing what each other makes. They push this idea that i
Depends on your relationship with that person. Who already is on bad terms with you can perceive eve
I think it's actually good to talk about how much you're being paid, otherwise your minority coworke
It’s no ones business but their own. If they feel comfortable they’ll share that information freely.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **an
It's important to demonstrate that the breach of trust was isolated and aberrant. You do that by est
Depending on the severity of the situation of course, it takes time. 
By being the person they can rely on in the future. Give them full disclosure on the incident that l
You can’t. You have to just be you and let that person see, that losing their trust hurt you also (a
During their “healing process”, you have to be willing to keep acknowledging that you understand why
Nothing. If you don’t trust me I want nothing to do with you. 
Give them cake
In the UK big supermarkets are going away from the coin based system now 
Most supermarkets don’t see the profit opportunity at the cost of retrofitting or buying all new car
It takes planning and a little effort. The older supermarkets could care less. They may also be worr
In Australia, the major supermarkets have all incorporated this system and it's working great.
Convinience 
Low income areas will riot with systems like this in place. I've seen it happen. It's sad to say but
I haven’t had a quarter in my hand in years. Everything is debit card or Apple Pay. 

Places that ma
When Alexander the Great was traveling, at one point or another he was confronted with the Gordian K
2 sides charging at each other to begin a battle.
2 girls 1 cup 
Rudolf Hess - The guy who helped Hitler write Mein Kampf, and also stole a fighter plane from the Lu
Airplanes disappearing in the Bermuda triangle
The WW1 story of Zeppelin's bombing the defenseless UK until a guy invented an  incendiary bullet to
Ned Kelly
Joshua Norton declaring himself the emperor of the United States, and everyone going along with it. 
The guy that killed Hitler is considered one of the most evil people in history.
Jesus Christ, our Lord and saviour,  died for our sins. 
I coulda been a contender 
"Go ahead, make my day."

"Say hello to my little friend!"
“Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn” 
"Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore."
"Here's lookin at you kid."
I'll have what she is having.
[deleted]
Great dictator speech - “I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be an emperor. That’s not my business. I don
Mao zedong
stalin and mao
*Waits for the Trump comments*
/u/intothefrayedmind /s
Joseph Stalin 
it’s that umbridge woman
That dude that asks for a pen and then never gives it back to you
Idk of you can compare killing so many innocent people but there is a number of celebrities and gove
Stalin. 
Your mom
“Out of the way, peck!”
"Chill out, Dickwad"
I concur 
"Life goes on"
It's like closing the barn door after the horses have eaten your children.
Starting a battle with Brock in Pokemon Yellow, only to realise my Nidoran hasn’t learnt double kick
When I got into a car accident where both my passenger side air bags went off while my girlfriend wa
I was a kid, about 7 years old.  I used to climb the fences and jump and run around all my neighbors
My son was born with a neurological birth defect and he has endured many surgeries. While the waitin
Smoked more thc wax than I could handle and everything felt fake 
An empty seat, I am getting some sleep.
$ki Mask The $lump God... the ultimate slime
Bernie from Weekend at Bernie's,  happily flying with a quiet guy next to me, unaware he's dead and 
Hannibal Buress or Bill Burr 
the pilot
Giuseppe Garibaldi.
Andrea Martin
Tyler the creator
Jessica Keenan Wynn or Lin-Manuel Miranda. Both amazingly talented and funny people
James Veitch.
Someone thin, polite and non-flatulent.
the pilot
Nothing anymore, just know you can't change the past and be better in the future.
The multiple times I've replied "You too" when a waiter says "Enjoy your meal". 
Honestly most things.
I told one of my best friends that I had a crush on her (in 7th grade lol) and she said she was not 
I haven't died yet, and a lot of people have died.
misspell words
Lip read, I'm hard of hearing so I taught myself to do it. My girlfriend appreciates not having to s
Fall down
Wrap gifts and eat hamburgers 
I'm better at empathy than most other males.
Fold origami cranes
Eating sunflower seeds faster than anyone.
Saying I don't know 
Eat potatoes and be a potato
Losing my mind to shit
Sit still
I'm fairly certain I'm one of the best people in the world at being my kids' dad. 
Love
Time.
Yachts can sell for stupid money. 
Land. 
h20 (as fuel)
Jesus
All you need is love
Water
Maes Hughes in either Fullmetal Alchemist Series. 
Hodor
Buffy's mom. 
Moriarty. We had hope. 
Hank on Breaking Bad
Koro Sensei (Assassination Classroom)

&#x200B;

Man I never cried so much 
Dr. Greene on *ER*.
Sarah Lynn.
Soooo many deaths, but these have stuck with me:

Henry Blake & the chicken on the bus with Hawkeye,
Itachi in Naruto. It's a time bomb. Once you learn the truth several episodes later it all hits you.
Opie on Sons of Anarchy
Lady Sybil from Downton Abbey 
Charlie on LOST. I was in tears when he held his hand up to the window.
"Where's Wallace?"
Mike and Hank in Breaking Bad

Maes Hughes in Fullmetal Alchemist

Laverne in Scrubs
Hank Schrader from BB for saddest. Straight up most upsetting was Princess Shireen in GOT.
Dr. Shepard 
Ben Linus (AKA Henry Gale) daughter in lost
Rita in Dexter and Poussey in Orange is the New Black get my votes. They were both such pointless, a
Hershel Greene TWD.
I thought it was a bit much when Jan drowned her baby on The Office.

It was the right call to cut t
Charlie in Supernatural 
Dr Stein in Legends of Tomorrow.
michael in jane the virgin, cried too much for too long
Neji
Tara in buffy. "Your shirt"
Samantha (the dog) in I Am Legend. 

That was rough. 
I know it’s not a tv show but in tomb raider 2013 when roth died i started crying

Man im weak
Does Wash from Firefly not count cause he died in the movie? That made me sad. 
Col. Henry Blake 4077th MASH unit 
The hound in game of thrones... oh wait


Ned Stark, Robb Stark, Shireen Baratheon, Hodor in Game of Thrones

Richard Harrow in Boardwalk Empi
Kenny from South Park 
Cal and Chloe from Harpers Island.
Almost everyone in Angel beats.
I know this from the game but I believe there’s an anime. But the character Zelos Wilder (if chosen 
Two, both from MASH. Both really hit right where I’m sure Alan Alda intended them to hit:

1. The ch
Poussey Washington from Orange is the New Black.
Ragnar from Vikings. They did it to good
....kenny
George O’Malley 
Sam’s death in All Hell Breaks Loose Pt. 2, Dean being killed by Lillith and the hellhound, and Sam 
Real life or on screen? 
This post should include a spoiler alert warning
Probably when I went diving in the Atlantic Ocean
Flunking out of college after two years (lack of effort). I breezed through high school with As and 
Found out my sister thinks the furry fandom is a sex and porn fandom.

Coming out as a furry really 
My childhood and courage.
Divorce and the two years of self destruction it triggered.

A lot of willpower and determination, a
Should have slapped the [SERIOUS] tag on there.
Obligatory not me but someone I know story but I knew a girl who started doing nudes on tumblr that 
[deleted]
Good luck finding honest answers XD
Oddly specific, you gonna be a pornstar or something?
i joined her. 
I came across it online after I jacked off to it. I confronted her the next day and asked if I could
Most likely you will not get a single answer because all parents died of shame 
I have to inform you that I’m registered as a sex offender so if you have children I have to go 
Hey good sir / female sir, do you like bread by any chance? 
Hey, did you know that cannibalism would solve both world hunger and overpopulation?
Hi
I learned that you're not supposed to bring up your job during smalltalk, because very few people ac
'ello mate.
Ya like jazz?
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **an
World kept spinnin', I just keep on keepin' on.
I dont work for the government so I’m fine 
I've gotten some entertainment out of my Trump-voting brother in law's frustration and regret. 
It hasn't.
It hasn't 
Someone messed up my birthdate in my homeland security docs. They’re on shutdown. Can’t change ssn t
Nothing. Life goes on still.
People stopped trying to take my guns and fuck my wife 
Nothing to do and living on credit cards. Not earning income
Can’t change name from marriage or any of those fun things and also am currently unable to buy a hou
One of our project charge numbers at work hasn't opened yet. We are running the risk of not deliveri
Obviously in Jerusalem while the Christ was supposedly being crucified and resurrected. I mean, who 
Do you hear the people sing, singing the songs of angry men.... Definitely french revolution where t
Ancient Egypt 
The Roanoke Colony. It’s one of those cool early America mysteries that has always fascinated me.
In the Middle East
First things first, I'd cry tears of joy for about an hour.
I'd be out of debt and happy on a tenth of that.
Nothing. I would do nothing. 
Would buy a T shirt and stuff.
Pay my parents mortgage first
Invest 75% a year, and keep a job.

That way I could quit whenever, and still have loads of savings 
You play lucky for life? 
Retire.
Die
Get off of disability because I wouldn't need that money anymore, take the after tax amount and divi
Donate half of it
Quit my job, buy a house out in the sticks, build a small workshop, start making furniture and growi
Get into academia. One of the reason I didn't go for a PhD was that it seemed like becomming a glori
Take a nap 
Go to Disneyland
Pay my student loan debt, my boyfriend’s student loan debt, and my mother’s student loan debt. Take 
Leave my current job - it’s a good job and a good company but I certainly wouldn’t do it if I didn’t
Would quit my job, pay off my loans, fix up my parents place and then buy a piece of land from him t
Short list of not selfish things i would do include. 
Buying my mom a house.
Buying an engagement ri
Open a used bookstore. Even if it wasn't profitable, I'd still have enough money to not care.
I would never work again and travel. 
i'd save up for 3/4 years, then make a company in whatever field i want
Buy some businesses. Travel. Invest in real estate. 
I would live THE life.
Well I'd definitely quit my job, immediately and in extreme fashion, and then go buy my first bag of
Take $5,000 out of the first installment, pay off my credit cards, go to Vegas, and then deposit the
Piss it away.
My first year priorities would be to pay for my mother’s surgery that she’s put off for lack of fund
Whatever I wanted.

Honestly, I would still do my job but my attitude would change. I love my job bu
Big sharkus
Mandibles. 
"BABS" (Big-Ass Bitey Shark)
Nibbles 
Chompy McChomperson
Wet
Pacific Rim
C H O M P
toothy boi
Infinite teeth
Simon 
DANZIG
Chompy 
What’s that music?
S.O.S
Jews
Bummmm bum.
Kevin. 
Shark Tale
Regularly. My pay and conditions are due to the negotiation of a union. They provide a useful balanc
Not a union member but I have an employee who is. Young guy who has admittedly made a few costly mis
Teacher
1. The union negotiates our payscale.
2. The union negotiates things like making sure we get
There is nothing to handle. At least or me (5 languages) the most useful thing is that I don't think
I mean knowing the languages just helps my brain auto pilot between them, I rarely ever have to thin
I speak three languages and I guess it just bases off the environment you’re in and the people you’r
I know four languages fluently, Japanese, Korean, Chinese, and English. Since I’m currently living i
It seams OP is a person who only knows one language. Most people who know more than one language flu
I no longer think in my 1st language unless I’m trying to have a conversation in that language or I’
Well my doctor says don't listen to the bad language. And when it gets real bad he shocks me. "Medic
3 languages here. I think in English mostly because I learnt English before the rest. However I'm pr
that life is only going to get worse
That I think people care far more than they actually do. 
That being shy is a waste of time.
That fairness is only a word in the dictionary.
Shutting off social media for some time alone is completely fine
"It's a dog-eat-dog world and you're wearing Milkbone underwear."
Preface- I only have taught in title I schools. 

I’ve learned many unexpected things:

1. Working w
I wish that I would have been told more about how to identify and help students cope with trauma. So
Alcoholic showed up to a protection order hearing drunk with vomit on himself. Sometimes you just ne
Pretty sure there's a client confidentiality clause they might break by sharing any stories.
I had a conspiracy guy convinced he was being set up. He then gave me tapes of “proof.” These videos
I got really drunk during spring break and woke up with “tattoo” tattooed on my bicep. I’m guessing 
I have a skateboard broken in half and shaped like a heart on my forearm, I got it because skateboar
I've got 11 with two more coming up. Mostly they don't have a meaning, I just liked their aesthetics
I have a few.  I got them because I wanted them
I have a deathly hallows tattoo. Harry Potter was/is huge in my family. I got the tattoo the same ti
Pentagram. For Satan
Benjamin Franklin's picture if you know what I mean
[9/11](https://imgur.com/a/Ef6YJxy)
Hubble Deep Field. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubble_Deep_Field We pointed Hubble at a relatively
The very first picture of the Earth from the moon. 
Called my third grade teacher "mom." Don't know how it happened, I didn't like her. Still think abou
Most of them
I cycled through a local park in the dark, there was a pedestrian about 50 meters in front of me, I 
One day when cycling back from school. A horse was walking on the bike lane. I was cycling in a huge
Went to McDonald's with a girl when I was a 12 year old, turns out it was a date and I didn't know. 
I was really little and walking down the hallway while my mother was doing laundry ( it was one of t
When I was 2, almost 3, my sister dropped me against the side of our shower tub and knocked my tooth
For some reason my grandma let my cousin and I watch Dante’s Peak when we were like 5 - still rememb
Metallica - One   WuTang - CREAM   Garth Brooks - To Make You Feel My love 
A-ha- Take On Me..other two I can't decide
"Triumph" by Wutang. 
"Gor Gor" by Gwar. 
"Three little birds" by Bob Marley.
Ramble Tamble by Creedence Clearwater Revival... not sure about the other two...
Eminence Front-The Who
Have a Cigar-Pink Floyd
moving in Stereo-The Cars 
Golden slumbers
Carry that weight
The End

The last three songs on Abbey Road by the Beatles. An arg
Iron Maiden - Stranger in a strange land 
Peter Schilling - Major Tom (the original in German)
Syste
So I put my hands up, they’re playing my song, the butterflies fly away 
You’re the last to know if it’s raining 
Tall people are more likely to get struck by lightning, because lightning strikes tall things like t
Tall people are always suppose to be the leader in a group, (if you don't believe me, observe it in 
Shorter people live longer. 
My girlfriend is short and I'm tall. I occasionally hit my head on things hanging from the ceiling. 
Getting sweatpants are always an issue when you're tall. We looked for hours to find a store that ha
Generally easier to balance
Tall: higher attractivity
I’ve met people that don’t like tall guys and prefer shorter people. 

But the main advantage in my 
I'm 4'11'' - my husband is 6'1''.

The benefits of being this short? I've never had an issue with my
It doesn’t take as long to hit the ground when you fall. 


It's easier to look buff
Other than appearance I don't see any advantage In being taller. TBH u seems like more of a burden b
You hit your head on less stuff 
Shorter people have better night vision than taller people /s
Chopping onions 
Thinking about how much I love my significant other.
litter
Happy Memories, Sad Memories, Music of any kind at random intervals, cute things, ugly things and ga
Anytime a doggo does in a movie, especially if the humans are all there saying goodbye. Just so emot
Pretty much anything with the right score underneath it. 
Feel Trains, choo choo...
Shrek forever after...
My shitty life
Finding out there’s no milk after already serving the cereal
Nostalgia
Bad memes
When my dad beats me
anything basically I'm sensitive af
Losing someone I sincerely loved. In the end it makes me truly happy that I was ever able to love li
The news. That shit's so bad recently i stopped reading/watching any of it, this world is a painful 
Sudden impacts to my groin.
Watching other people cry often makes me teary too. 
If I'm drunk, something as simple as dropping my fork of the table will cause me to break down as if
Pulled nose hair
Thinking about sex
The constant feeling of depression buzz and back pain
When Mufasa dies in the Lion King
Getting punched in the balls.
M83 Midnight city... I dont know either.
Moving orchestral music. 
The end of "V for Vendetta"
crying old people
Thinking about memories of people that are no longer in my life.
Hearing a family member say shit about furries.

That was the loneliest time of my life.
Reality a lot. My obsessive nature. I don't think I have a coping skill for it. It has literally dri
Dropping a full plate of food
Asking Reddit "how does an idea become a business"
A lot of work and a bit of luck
Some start up money. Definitely helps. 
the existence of reddit.
The hotkey for "skip intro" on Netflix is "s" 
I only recently discovered hardbound books should be stored horizontally on the shelf, because their
Reddit gonewild 
I can’t get over a girl .It’s been bothering me for years
I'm lonely and find it difficult to have passion to becoming better. Procrastination takes over. 
Got ghosted by a guy I liked and it's still fucking me up. 
We’re literally seeing the effects of global warming, especially in the northern countries but we st
everything in my life tbh
That’s more of a statement to be fair
I don't know how to tell my parents I don't believe in their religion or even in God. 
It’s two in the morning and I can’t stop sitting around browsing reddit and thinking about stuff.
I’m going back to grad school next semester and am so anxious that I’m not sleeping.
I know I need to exercise more, but lingering injuries from my previous job prevents me from being a
I should really drop a couple classes but I think it’s too late and I have to deal with em
Lonely as heck.
I guess I have full depression now. Or I may have been had it but never thought it was serious enoug
Building on a rant from yesterday. I’m simply struggling. I’m the only positive male role my 3 young
Fucking homework
I don’t know what I want to do with my life
I'm alive and I don't want to be
Ehhh I'm struggling to commit to anything I do.  I put a few months in, and then it just feels drab 
I'm a terrible conversationalist when matching with women on dating sites. I always feel like I'm be
I think I married "the cripple" for my husband. He completely changed after 2013. I mean, personalit
I have a cold and I was drinking a "hot toddy" but I drank one too many and now I'm wasted. 
I really want a girlfriend. Would enjoy the companionship
addicted to cocaine
Alright, David Foster Wallace, cool down.
Extreme shoulder pains caused by cartilage being worn down. Very little to be done about it but have
I am worried about things that I can do nothing about, namely geopolitical tension around the world.
Decided to go to acting/writing school. More than halfway done and I’m terrified about my future. 
My fiancé’s cousin’s bf snores way too fucking loud and we share a room down at their shore house so
Not much is wrong at the moment.  I want to lose some weight but its not that bad and I have a good 
I’m in a position where I have to accept help from family members. I much prefer handling things mys
I thought I had found a therapist who would help me when he believed that someone would be affected 
I used to act really stupid in school last year and now I find that really unsalvagable because now 
Broke. Stuck thousands of miles from home. 
I'm stuck between two ticking clocks that will essentially determine my future, when I'm eligible fo
My low self-esteem causes me to miss opportunities with girls which in turn lowers my self-esteem ev
You
I've developed a cavity just below my tailbone and I can't do much exercise without it causing me im
I havent been to school for a year and its my last year in secondary school. My ex friendzoned me on
I've been dating this amazing girl that I'm absolutely crazy about, and I'm going to have to end it 
I've worked for 2 weeks now without getting paid and have no idea when it will happen
Life just doesn’t seem to be worth living. It’s just suffering and effort merely to persist, all for
I'm in college and I really like this guy. Love him even, and we've gone out once, planning to go ou
My portrait frame on the wall is tilted ever so slightly to the left and it is driving me mad.
I sincerely do not know how to say “no” to anything. I cannot physically handle the pain of them kno
*looks down list of past antics trying to find one that won't get children killed or imprisoned when
Do we really need to tell them all the times I've nearly lit myself on fire, caught shrapnel, and or
They just told me good morning, about 2 minutes ago. I'm just not ready for that yet.
Third grade. Riding the bus to school. Someone tells a crude joke at the bus drivers expense. I was 
“As soon as I finish smoking this rock, we can get down to business!”
Oh I have got you!   It is not very healthy, but it tastes delicious.

Here we go!

Things you need 
Milk steak with a side of the finest jelly beans
banana milkshake
chicken or pork 

noodles

avacado

onion

gourgette

spreaded cheese or goats cheese
Casseroles of the American variety 
Flank steak fajitas with grilled peppers, onions & mushrooms! Mix in some guacamole from scratch, my
Well it wasn’t my last day, but yesterday my boss talked to me like I was stupid so I handed her my 
nothing special.

i just left one day and didn't go back. not worth the time and effort to leave in 
It was on placement at the funeral directors,    got taken bowling and got bought a couple of sodas,
Took a dump on the boss's face
The cutcene in AC II where Ezio's father and brothers were executed in front of him, you can see tha
The Borderlands 2 Intro. It set the tone of the game so well, and showed off all of the characters i
The Battle of Ostagar
I'm surprised no one mentioned Final Fantasy VIII Opening cinematic. 

That's **THE** cutscene.
Solid Snake vs Liquid Ocelot in Metal Gear Solid 4.

I'd grown up so invested in the Metal Gear game
Joel and Ellie arguing in the farmhouse. Shit brought me to tears. 
Encountering the first colossus in SotC.
The most legendary cutscene of all time. Arthas killing his father in Warcraft 3. That blew my mind.
The botchling in The Witcher 3. You realise that this is no ordinary game. 
"You fucked up my face." 
Splinter Cell: Double Agent. You gotta obtain some item iirc from an area you're not yet allowed to 
The cutscene of Fallout where the guy's head spins around. I think there was a chair involved too.


There’s a scene in Final Fantasy 8 where you are controlling the character running through everyone 
I wouldn't call it my favorite as it is so sad, but definitely the most powerful...

Aeris's death.
Cutscene in GOW2 when Dom is holding his wife after the locust got to her. Shit put me in tears
The [scene](https://youtu.be/yT_f6Glg2-w?t=64) in Beyond: Two Souls where Jodie uses her psychic lin
The entrance of Ludwig The Accursed in Bloodborne’s Old Hunters DLC. Bloodborne was terrifying throu
In the newest God of War, how Kratos reacts to >!Atreus being sick .!<It really shows he  still has 
Start of the last of us. Most of us know it. 
Drake's Fortune: when he jumps out of the plane, gets tangled up in a decrepit statue in the jungle 
The ending in Life is Strange where >!you choose to sacrifice Chloe!<.

Brilliantly done. Always mak
[This one](https://youtu.be/Xhe78eIRogI?t=1562) from Resident Evil 4 
“YOU CANT KILL ME” shows off the sheer chaos of the man, sergeant woods. The way they actually escap
From all the games ive played last year (What i remember mainly), its gotta be the smash bros cutsce
Resident Evil 4

"No thanks, bro!"
I love any of the MGS 3 cutscenes 
The opening of FF8, that weird music video set to opera music that goes over several events from lat
The opening cinematic to Command and Conquer: [Red Alert 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEIGu8V_
Titus laughing obviously
I'm gonna have to go with the scene between phase 4 and 5 of Okami's final boss. Never fails to make
When Joel calls Ellie baby girl, and holds her as she sobs. 

I love their relationship.
Any cutscene in halo 4. It’s newer but it feels like a movie with amazing CGI, and it’s nostalgic fo
The beginning of fallout 4. Gives me goosebumps every time I watch it.
Stairs in the forest
What's "sweethearts" ?
Yes, hasn't been perfect of course, but he's incredible to me. Since 1992. And not really. I mean, i
Didnt work out.  Dated from age 16-20.  I left her.  Shes 24 and now shes getting married to some gu
Idk not really "high-school sweethearts" yet but been together for two years and still goin strong, 
I’m not exactly a proper streamer or anything but I guess it still counts, so basically I was doing 
I stream occasionally and one time during one an unlit candle fell off of my dresser and since I jus
[Definitely this.](https://clips.twitch.tv/TawdryOnerousGerbilNerfRedBlaster)
[deleted]
Cutting ur nasal hair with sharpner
Probably the weirdest thing my classmates saw was me...

I had fainted whilst sat at the desk in cla
People having sex
There was a lot of them but back when I was 15 I came to school a little bit late. My first lesson w
Someone once picked up a desk and threw it around out of rage, the corner of the desk broke off. It 
some kid put his legs behind his head, started jerking off and the teacher continued teaching. prope
Do you know that correction fluid is HIGHLY flammable? Apparently my classmates didn't know this and
Dude who was always barefoot , didn’t believe in shoes, until a professor finally told him to cut it
People chewing on raccoon dicks. 
This girls butt crack. It was highly unpleasant. 
Teacher left class for couple of minutes, dude saw bucket in corner, dude went to it, peed (how does
My virginity. I'm going to protect it with all my power.
My guitar. 
My 2 inch punisher 
I don't think of them this way, but the law does, so... My dogs! I could rave about their fuzzy litt
My PC or my cat
I have a 2004 Wisconsin state quarter with the die error high leaf.

Before the economy crashed it w
 Words are....words are, you know, *good*.
Talk to them about ***them***. Ask them questions etc. You’d be amazed how easy it is to get people 
Find something in common?
Hab u seen a alien pls
I just listen to the group and if they say something I can add to I chime in.
Improvise always, make their jokes better, augment, dont interrupt
So what are your thought on forks?
Ask how they know the friend that’s mutual (if any) 
Where do you work/study? 

Music is always a go
Hey, you. You're finally awake. You were trying to cross the border,
right? Walked right into that I
Ask someone what they do for a living, ask someone about hobbies, pretty much anything about them. I
Start the convo with "hey, want to see my third nipple?" Then everyone will talk to you. Can confirm
Ask them mundane things about their life - how was Christmas, are you going on holiday, how're the k
So....mmmmm..... hey... what do you guys do for a living. (Awkward looks).
Hi, my name is..., what's yours?  Then ask them to say something about themselves, then you say some
Use the FOR model of small talk. Ask people about their family, occupation, or recreation activities
How’s your day going so far? What have you been up to today?
Ask a question they can all answer, or start with a story.

"Has any of you seen (whatever movie)? A
If I live in 1600's I will have no access to Nacho Cheese flavor
A poor man today can live more comfortably than a rich man in the 1600s. 
Poor in western country today. I’m pretty sure the plague was still kind of around at that point. No
Ouch to all non westerners 
If I could be a rich man in 17th century Japan, I’d be in pretty good shape. 
If I lived in the 1600s I'd be dead now so I'll go with poor man living today.
You couldn't pay me enough to give up video games forever.
Poor man today, more amenities
I'm going to choose poor and modern seeing as simple medical problems that could be solved or preven
Did they have good weed back then ? Thats my only stipulation.
Rich in the 1600s. Investments and inflation would take it's course.
Being poor in a western country today equals to being a rich in the 1600’s 
Poor man today. 

Many of the common everyday things today was only reserved/ could be afforded by t
If anything that's the best argument against intelligent design that I've ever heard
Multitasking
God is a bad engineer.
Reproduction of humans is a waste. 
Birds and reptiles have a better reproductive process than us imo
It smells, therefore you keep it hidden away, therefore it doesn't get damaged. Simples.
Both systems are sensitive. It’s the safest place for them. 
There was already a hole there 
As Neil deGrasse Tyson once said (paraphrasing) *"no engineer would ever put an entertainment system
Maybe...maybe coz its icky bicky & you would keep that part covered mostly so better if its one?
Most organs extensively multitask. Most of the time multi-tasking is based on similarities in a nece
'I could care less'. This infuriates me and I just don't understand how people can say it and not re
“For all intensive purposes”
"Supposably"
It takes two to tangle. Its TANGO you knob.
"From the gecko" 
People who say expecially instead of especially. Same for expresso instead of espresso. 
Pacific instead of specific
It's a doggy dog world.  versus a dog eat dog world.
at my job specifically, every single time a customer asks if they can get their books/presentations 
The French word ‘voila’ shows up on Reddit as “wah-la” along with many other bizarre permutations.
Should of 
hors d'oeuvres
It is ordervs 
Not horse divorce
Axe instead of ask. 

Also, Alzheimer's disease 
"excetera." No x, people, and the abbreviation for "et cetera" is "etc.", not "ect."
*momentarily*

Most use it to say "in a moment" but it means "for a brief moment then not anymore"
When people say they "could care less", which actually means they care about said subject.
Best case Ontario
I didn't do nothing
“I could care less” clearly doesn’t make sense and it drives me crazy when people say it 
I'm an air traffic controller and I had a girl laugh at me for saying the word phraseology like phra
Anytime an American tries to pronounce any English county that ends in -borough
Hasta la Vista, baby
In England -

Can I have a lend of/ borrow of (instead of can I borrow).

In Ohio - 

So many people
"For all intensive purposes"
"Nip it in the butt" and worse when they spice it up and say "Nip it in the ass".
"I could care less"
Sutcha self

About 40 years ago it was a cliche that an uneducated person wouldn't say "ask," they'd say "axe" or
Well anywaysss
Like everyone else here, "I couldn't care less" being mispronounced as "I could care less". But my o
Touch hood.
This is probably just me but as someone who takes Latin, the phrase “Veni Vidi Vici” is not pronounc
Flush it out. Drives me nuts. It’s flesh it out people. Come on!
Somethink. 
Bone apple tea. 
On accident, it's by accident you semi literate fool.
Espresso. Many seem to pronounce it as "Expresso". Drives me up a damn wall.
Aspergers as "ass burgers"
anything on r/boneappletea
It would ~~be who of~~ behoove you. 
"That's the worst." Really? THAT? THAT's the worst? Getting fries at McDonald's with not enough frie
I used to say nivermine instead of nevermind
“Everything/Anything but x” For e.g. “Siberia is everything but cold in the winter!”  So its literal
Friend of mine has never heard the word "misled" spoken aloud.  So he doesn't realize its "mis-led".
Let's get real: Masturbating.

Perfectly reasonable because of normal human sex drive, especially fo
Pee in the shower. 
Sleeping with socks on
Getting high before doing homework. It may sound like I am an addict or psychopath, but I think that
Eating my dead skin.
Chocolate Rain, that voice should always be preserved.
I LIKE TURTLES.
Me at the zoo
Smosh's Pokemon Theme Song.
Darude Sandstorm 
Don't Hug Me I'm Scared. That shit is nanners.
Jian sword dancing - https://youtu.be/Xcs3OwrkcR4
T series and Pewdiepie
Hillary being chucked into a van like a side of beef
I had that issue too. Have a glass of water next to your bed and as soon as you wake up, take small 
I used to have this all the time until I started using this routine:

1. Don't use any screens an ho
I honestly felt like this for the longest time and ended up getting a sleep apnea test done, turns o
Try drinking a gallon of water every day!!!!! Seriously its crazy!!!!
If it's insomnia and/or depression, one of the most effective ways to fight it is to get a ton of ex
Put your alarm clock/phone, whatever you use on the other side of your bedroom so you actually have 
Exercise
As hard as it is, don’t lay in bed after you wake up. I give myself 2-3 minutes to look at my phone 
My name is William and I'm a lil boi. 
in Kindergarten I died my hair blue for a while, everyone called me blue, and 42 is the meaning of l
For a short time "oyster girl" because I cut my feet on oysters while I was kayaking with school for
T.T. My mum decided to write my initials on my belongings o I wouldn't loose them . T.t turned to ti
Basically because I ripped my vagina open and I have a tendency to roar 

Nickname: Rex the Ripper
I’m the third
Is my nickname as it's my gamer tag. In ratchet and clank 3 in multiplayer there was a snow map call
My gloves were made partially of possum...
Always use this tag but I get called pid by most my mates cos I’m a bit of a clown. Names Stuart... 
Stargazer. I got caught sleeping outside by my camp counselors. Living in the city, it’s hard to see
Growing up in the 80's a few of us Frasers became Fraggle due to the programme Fraggle Rock. For me 
I made it on 2011, when I started to play Minecraft and I was already a Sonic fan, with Tails being 
When I was born, My father thought I was so tiny because my butt fit in the palm of his hands. So he
Someone called me squid back in 6th grade. It's now 4 years after my graduation and its stuck with m
My roommate in college was taller and heavier than me, and liked going to the gym. At some point we 
Which one? There was...

"You little deviant," a name my mom called me whenever I acted out sexually
Nickname is Cusack, called that because there are 4 people with the same first name in my grade
they call me lee cuz i look chinese
Mouse- I really liked to eat cheese a lot when I was a kid 
People call me A-A-ron now. Just like the Substitute Teacher video from Key and Peel. Why?!
egg because it has 2 gs like my name does and I like eggs
It's half of my middle name, and nobody can spell my first name right.
I’m gay so people call me f*g
Hyper - im a very hyperactive person

Mads - cant tell anyone just yet

2003 - the year i was born
Who would win in a fight, a grilled cheese or a taco?
What have you been doing for fun lately?  
There are various approaches to initiate such conversation, but making the other person talk about t
If you were a chess piece, which piece would you be?
Asking about music is fun for me. I like sharing what I like to listen to and also getting recommend
Sitting there not saying anything, likely staring at my phone because I'm awkward. 
Two truths and a lie

jk those suck

&#x200B;
"What do you want to be when you grow up?"
Engage about movies. What they’ve seen lately, their faves, etc. It’s neutral enough not to be insul
Asking someone where they’re from never hurts. Usually gets people talking. 
Got any ammo?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Whenever you come across anything you find weird or stupid, remember it, and try to bring it up in t
What are you obsessed with? What's your passion?
"Have you ever seen Star Wars?". Most people have, and usually results in a big discussion.
At this time of year I ask if they've got any new years resolutions 
Name 5 things you love and 5 things you hate. Hours of conversation here. 
We are in a somewhat ldr, and this happened on a day I had to drive home. While I was at the gas sta
jumped to the moon
I came home and he’d cleaned up and had beautiful flowers for me.  
He brings me a coffee on his way home from work. He doesn’t have to but he knows I love it and it ma
Fallout 76
A condom
a unicycle with training wheels
Abra from the games corner 
A framed picture of Boxcar Willie. Just wanted to buy some stuff to help the seemingly poor people t
A FidGet SpInNeR
Elementary school
Easy button

The final episode of Breaking Bad. 
Ozymandias - Breaking Bad
TheOffice season 5 episode of fire drill by Dwight K schrute.
Better Call Saul. Flashback episode for Mike where we learn about what happened to his son. I don’t 
Last Episode of BBC Bodyguard 
The Nightman Cometh
Charlie work
Times Arrow - Bojack Horseman S4E11. One of the most devastating half hours of any show I’ve ever se
The Weeping Angels episode of Doctor Who.
Game of Thrones Season 3 Episode 9. The only time I have cried while watching TV
The office episode where Michael and Jan host a dinner party. 
First Episode of Daredevil season 3 
Breaking bad finale

Season 5 finale - Supernatural
I know we all joke and say it's been on forever but the shooting episode of Grey's Anatomy always ho
The only TV I've really seen is Breaking Bad and a bunch of anime that I only watched to make fun of
My Future Self n Me - South Park
Vikings S04E15. Never has a character death made me so sad.
Nice try, FBI.
[deleted]
Hack into business part of the bank using social engineering, gain access to outgoing payments. Add 
Become besties with the bank manager, tellers and security. 
I'd fly a drone with a fake bomb attached to a drive up teller window. The drone would demand a bag 
Lemme guess, asking for a friend? 
Nice try, officer. 
I think one of the best ways to rob a bank would be to get a loan from a bank without giving them a 
Get a cute girl to help. I’d get them to pass a letter demanding money or her baby get killed. I dou
Successfully 
Get a gun, and just go fucking ape shit on the entrance
Most banks these days contain only enough money for 1 to 2 days trade.
 
So instead of a bank how ab
Park my car at a friends house, who has a white car.

Borrow said friends white car.

Steal a licens
Nice try but I am not a bank robber
I'd have a friend pretend be a repairman and wheel in a safe. I'd be inside the safe with a snorkel.
If no death certificate is filed yet. 
[It’s a classic](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 
it really depends on what genre you’re into, but ill just list the ones i really like. 
1. creep - r
Under Pressure - Queen and David Bowie
pouya, most of his stuff is good or loveleen,blakkst skn and egyptian luvr by rejjie snow, also legl
That's like asking "what are some good food recommendations?"
The album by Smash Mouth that contains All Star is called Astro Lounge. Sadly, all star is the worst
Radiohead’s albums OK Computer and In Rainbows
1.Mac Demarco-Moonlight on the river (-also check out brother,don juan,dreamin)

2.Mellow Fellow-Dan
List Of People by Tame Impala, Crazy Brazy and Put That On My Set by ASAP Mob, Like Whoa by Logic, B
[Kali Uchis - After The Storm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f5zD7ZSNpQ)
Freaking Out the Neighborhood - Mac Demarco
Someone That Loves You - HONNE
 **Ass Fuckin, Butt Suckin, Cunt Lickin Masturbation** \- GG Allin.
Acid rap- Chance the rapper 

The whole albums amazing
Book of soul by ab soul
Very sad song with a ton of feeling and emotions. 
Anything by Jack Stauber 
All of death's not the punk band discography at least 1 song from each album to see what you like si
Thong song 
Miami - Los Shadows
Go and discover ‘The 1975’. Incredible pop rock. 
Up all Night- Widespread Panic
Den- Umphreys Mcgee
Sugaree- Grateful Dead
Elliott Smith,all his songs are amazing.
Any of Weird Al's older stuff. Banana Phone by Raffi. Nickelback's deep tracks...
r/ifyoulikeblank would be happy to help if you can name a few favorite songs or artists you love.
Depends on what genre you like
Depends, I can recommend some good classical and jazz peices according to your to mood
House of the rising sun - the animals
Ever heard of Rebel songs genre?
The wolves - zombie
Rusted Root-On My Way
Super Ape by, The Upsetters. If you like mellow, classic reggae. 
I'm listening to this while looking up statistics regarding climate change, if that helps any:

http
Peter Gabriel. All of his stuff. Especially the soundtrack to Last Temptation of Christ.
Parcs and Recs, it just cheers wifey and I up whenever we hear it 
Game of thrones 
Phineas and Ferb
"Unbreakable! They alive damnit!"
bojack horseman 
Simpsons because the sequence differs from episode to episode, usually with a different Chalkboard G
Stranger Things- It just gets you into that spooky mood.

Adventure Time- I live for that penguin qu
Brooklyn 99, it never gets old and the music is a bop
AHS. 
X-Files. You'd be crazy to skip that.
X-Men Cartoon. Easily one of the most epic theme songs of all time. 

https://youtu.be/sAkL2-vh2Sk
The Office (us)
None of them, tbh
Full metal alchemists intros. All of them.
(See also soul eaters intros)
Suits "Greenback Boogie"
Firefly. Not that there’s many episodes to binge watch anyway... :(
Sherlock 
This is on Netflix, but it’s called Chef’s table. That show is beautifully shot and edited.
Shameless. Catchy song.
King of the Hill, Bob's Burgers, and Dexter
Avatar the last airbender
Breaking bad
Stranger Things
Doctor Who
All the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure intros
The Office, Parks and Rec
The West Wing
Westworld is the only intro I watch. It's beautiful. 
GOT
Kim Schmidt, parks and rec, or any short ones
How I met your mother. It's so good.

Daredevil! The theme song for daredevil really gets you in the
Voyager.  


Buffy the Vampire Slayer 
Star Trek: Voyager.
Farscape

Especially season 2's
Bob's Burgers and Futurama. They're my favorite shows and the intros are so comforting to me.
Black Sails, I love everything about that opening and I will watch it in full every single time.
The Walking Dead
Any jjba opening.
Red vs blue
Salem. I love the intro song. 
Attack on Titan.

Theme songs are superb
Stranger Things and Bojack Horseman
It's Always Sunny. The intro makes me feel warm and happy.
Broad City. It’s quick, fun, and a different animation each time so totally worth watching. 
Once Upon a Time, besides the fact that it’s my favorite show the intro is only a quickly little tun
Neon Genesis Evangelion intro is the best tbh
The Sopranos
Eva 
The crown
Breaking Bad cuz it is so short.
Twin Peaks 
For some reason The Wire's intros are enthralling to me, never skipped one. 

Not even season 2. 
Sword Art Online: Alicization
friends
how I met ur mother
Lost

It would ruin the whole mood of the episode. Plus it's like 5 seconds long.
Bojack Horseman and Parks and Recreation 
There's not a single one that I'll watch. I saw it once. Good enough. 
I don’t skip any intros, I actually like watching them. 
Orange is the new black 
[Gravity Falls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtlX1pujSr4) 

&#x200B;

I hum along every-time.
Firefly

Star Trek Enterprise seasons 1 & 2. For seasons 3 & 4 they remixed it and it was shit.

Far
Sailor Moon English dub. It will forever be among the greatest and most epic cartoon jntros ever. 
The Ranch
Long distance telephone calls used to be very expensive.   Depending on the time of day and carrier,
Mark Zuckerberg and I'd donate all fb profits to charity across the globe
Jerked off 
Sleep
Start my day with a smoke, cup of coffee, and the thought, "Maybe I'll get lucky today, and just up 
Fuck your mom.
Charged my phone
Snapchat streaks.
Took my first pee of the day 
Showered 
Brushed my teeth. 
I didn't even get out of bed every day.
Changed the date 
Eat food.
Ate breakfast.
Try to get to her heart 
Charged my phone, it gets plugged in every night before  I go to bed.  Every night, without fail.  
Uhm... Pee, and breath, and talk to my boyfriend 
Woke up
Pooped. Obviously.
Wake up
I was scrolling through & my girl saw your post & tell me to reply 'BRA'
Bra

Even if you find the most comfortable bra in the world, you just cannot wait to take it off!
Pants.  I wear dresses 99.9%
I can't believe that the top answer here isn't a thong.  There is absolutely nothing worse than havi
Bra, it’s uncomfortable as hell.. If nipples wouldn’t say hello whenever I’m cold, I’d never wear on
Heels. 

Edit: OMG BRA
Bra
Male clothes. Did that for too long.
Dresses
Skirts.
A skirt. 
Bra. Horrid thing.

I utterly refuse to wear heels.
Trousers. 
Jumpsuit when you need a pee.
High heels
Loose fitting pants. I feel like a slob. 
Pantyhose is 1, strapless bra is 2.
I'm not a wamen but I can imagine its tampons and pads 

Paris. so. fucking. overrated. 

if i had to rate it: 4/10. prague:8/10. berlin: 7/10. 

i don’t kno
Bosnia
Cork in Ireland 
Canada. Everything is.. so... slow. People there are walking slowly, the buses usually arrive late, 
New York. Was young and naïve - not anymore.
Op's mom's house. 
London, I still liked it tho. However that's a place I would particularly return unlike Prague. 
Probably Dominican Republic, I just found it too touristy 
Rome, not because I didn't like the city but because I had taken my ex there and found out she cheat
Los Angeles for me, especially Hollywood. 

As a kid I always imagined it as some wonderland, but in
Rome was such a let down for me. It was dirty, over crowded and you couldn't be left alone for five 
Chuck E Cheese. I didn’t even see the rat and the pizza was terrible 
Star Wars Battlefront 2 (2005, the GOOD one).
Morrowind (5000+), Oblivion (3000ish), Skyrim (6000+), Fallout 3, Fallout: New Vegas (2000+), Fallou
New Vegas. 
Animal Crossing: New Leaf and Xenoblade Chronicles X are both close to 2000 hours by now.
I played Oblivion over 1000 hours. Haven't played it in years. 
TF2 , CS:GO and GTA V , and i guess WoT.
Minecraft, Team fortress 2, CS:GO
CSGO, before I stopped I was the highest rank in the game and would go on aim maps everyday.
Black ops 2
League of Legends, these were the best and simultaneously worst hours of my life
World of Warcraft 
COD MW2
League of Legends and World of Warcraft definitely have over 1000 each. No regrets.
Quite a few. In order, from most hours played:

1. Everquest, topping in at over 10k hours played. 

RuneScape , over 10 years played (so way more than 1k hours) but I’ve retired from that game. 
Garry’s mod, fort- (eh I won’t say that one), and Horizon: Zero Dawn.
The Sims 3 and probably The Sims 2
The original Guild Wars.
Guildwars 1 (2k), guildwars 2 (6k), Skyrim (3k) and csgo (2k)
warframe, fortnite(STW not tacked on BR mode), Bf2 (pushing 8000 hours)
R6 siege, Tetris, BF4, street fighter 2.
Lol sims 4
Payday 2
Minecraft
Why would dentists recommend something that could reduce a demand for their overpriced procedures?


r/Dentistry could help you :) 
Anything dentist reccomemended 
Not a dentist, but I’ve learned over the years that they recommend any specific toothpaste as long a
Mew cause he’s an adorable little bugger
Cubone. Heartbreaking backstory that makes me root for him. 
Mewtwo.
Pikachu! At least he is the most popular one!
Mareep is cute and cuddly.
Snorlax. Guy just wants to sleep. I get that.
Incineroar, It’s my favorite type and it shoots fire from it’s crotch. Plus cats are my favorite ani
Snorlax.... and I am not even a lazy guy... I just love his character 
It's gotta be Starly. Adorable lil' bastard. He saved / carried my Diamond Nuzlocke run.
Delibird! He is so wholesome, he brings gifts to people and I’m not talking just sometimes, it’s his
Genesect. 

He's just fuckin' cool looking. 
Gengar because he is a mischievous little shit, and he has such a cool design.
Kadabra, the spoon makes it.
Mimikkyu. He just wants to be loved and I will be the one to love him.
Vulpix. So cute.
Ditto. That smile and that they look funny to me.
Giratina, he’s a giant badass ghost dragon
Psyduck. Just look at it. It's great.    
  
Mimikyu. Look at it. It's adorable.
Skitty! They're just so cute. Love catching them in PoGo.
Shuckle: you don’t fuckle with Shuckle.
Weedle
Garchomp. Always thought he looked cool
Infinate wishes 
"I wish for an easily reverse engineered device, made with materials easily sourced and produced, no
A wallet that contains $1000 every time I open it.
I want the ability to spawn any book published or going to be published.
To be Imortal
More magic goldfish 
nuke Israel 
World peace 
I feel like the fish part was almost unnecessary? 
r/ihadastroke
Fallout 76
A failing marriage 
A hangover.
my relationship with my dad
Software
Mi corazón, amigo. 
My life..... well, hold on now, lemme think about this

Nah, not without spending rest of my life in
Women
My heart 💔
Yeah look you might be right here. I was trying to think of more problems but with enough hammers, s
Everything 
A computer virus
Feminism
Diarrohea.
Most things 
My parents' marriage. 
Healthcare in the US
Broken tape dispenser. 
My heart 
In IT it's often that you know how to "use the socials" [use all and know all social media platforms
That bankers are corrupt and greedy and will only give you advice that lines our pocket.
That’s abou
Hell yeah. In fact I feel really dumb when I pee in the toilet right before I start a shower
There are those that say yes and those that lie.
Anyone who says they don't is a liar.
It's all pipes!
 It even a question. 
Quite often.  the warm water response is to release ones bladder.
TIL that there are a lot of people who really don't care what their shower smells like. 
who doesn’t? but only in my own, at home; not in public/shared.
Of course, it needs a jet of powerful piss to was my crap down the plughole
It's only logical.
Who doesn't
There is two types of people out there, the ones that pee in the shower and those who lie about not 
Yea. Huge time saver and convenient! 
Yes, but only at the start before I've used shower gel and shampoo which washes it away... also it's
Tried it a couple of times, but the whiff of ammonia is unpleasant.
Everytime
Conserves water if you do compared to peeing and flushing first. Save the environment, pee in the sh
Every day
Yeah cuz when I'm in the shower and it's too late to walk out naked and take a piss whilst being nak
I learned in the Army that if you pee on your feet in the shower, it will keep you from getting athl
While I am peeing, I'm also brushing my teeth. 
Hell no.

I do wafflestomp, however 
I have in the past, but haven’t in a long time. Can’t even remember the last time I did, though I kn
I poop in the shower
Did you really just ask a yes or no question in r/askreddit?
Everyone does or they are liars...the question you should have asked is does anyone pee in the tub
 My cat let me pet him once, Twas a good day 
My childhood dog who recently passed was always there to listen to every breakdown I have had, and I
My old cat always used to bring me mice (sometimes on my pillow) and it was kinda gross but I know s
Not leaving me :,-)
When he could sense the anger or tension in a room he got excited and tried to lower it by pouncing 
When my best friend of 8 years was about to be put down I was crying hysterically, seeing him lying 
So our house got caught up in a fire. We were truly devastated and stayed in a temporary shelter. Th
My dog cuddles me (lays with his head on my back) whilst I'm suffering a migraine. He doesn't leave 
We have a covered one. She seems to enjoy going in it to play rather than poop and wee. She also see
My cat brought me a leaf once. She had such a proud look on her face. 
My dog follows me wherever I go. He's a little Cavalier King Charles puppy, and even tho I knew they
Last time I had a panic attack in my parents' house, our dog climbed onto my lap and licked my face.
Pooped in litter tray and not on the floor..
i had a cat when i was really little that when i went to school would find all of my stuffed animals
She gets worried when I cry and she will whine until I let her lick my face and rest her head in my 
Stop pooping in my house
Just being there. We’re in a time where everybody hates everyone and nobody wants to be vulnerable w
Mushrooms. Can’t stand the texture or taste. Everyone says I’m weird as they are so delicious!
Tomatoes. Slimy and watery. Gross.

Edit: misspelled tomatoes twice because I’m dumb like a tomato.
Avocado 
doughnuts. it doesn't taste good at all. 
Sushi
Mac & cheese
Potatoes of any variety 
Raisins
Fucking raisins! 
Ketchup
Dairy milk. Just the smell of it makes me wanna vom.
Rare steaks.  Well done only or I'm done.

I get excoriated for this view in Redditland, but I don't
Pineapples. I hate it no matter how it's served. 
Popcorn. Tastes stale even when just made. And the fact that the texture is made from those packing 
Potatoes

Eggs

Sausage
Cheese. Ew.
cinnamon and ketchup. I hate them with a passion!
Garlic bread
Liver
Sweet potatoes
Pb&j 
Peanut butter. Even the smell of it makes me retch uncontrollably. 
Tomato
Peas. I feel like it's a food most hate when they are kids but like them as adults. I still hate the
A lot of people say they love chocolate covered bacon, but I think they just like the idea.  Under t
Sushi.
Tomato when it isn't cooked in any way. Otherwise i love it.
Yes I have. I still don't enjoy it. Texture thing mostly.
I was a freshman in high school and my friend wanted to use my phone for a bit. I forgot I delete my
I worked hard to repress them, thankfully. 
Back in highschool, I'd literally run whenever my crush is within my view and she knew I like her, I
Rubbish because its all over the place.  I have more dark days then i'd like to admit. 
I'm okay, thanks for your concern. :-)
Up and down. Currently kinda just wobbling back and forth on the edge, who knows where the week will
A whole lot better than it used to be. I think the realization that a lot of things that may make yo
Reading this raised my anxiety.

Does that count?
P o o r
Definitely poor, but not as bad as it was last year. I was on shitty meds for years before I realize
Could be better. I live in a corrupted country and studying like hell to get in a good university. B
Could be a lot worse. Could also be considerably better.
One day I’ll get tired of fighting back. It’s not tonight but I know one day I’ll be too weak, too t
absolute shit to be real with you. i’m just going through a lot atm but i’m sure i’ll brighten up so
Before or after medication?
For the time being, stable. That said, tomorrow could be a whole different ballgame. I have few diff
i think its pretty alright for the most part
Im NoT sEnSiTiVe YoUr SeNsItIvE
Anxious and paranoid
Not bad.
I'm going through a valley but it's by far not the lowest point. With the help I got from some weeks
Terrible..
My family has a broad history of mental illness, and I was diagnosed with Type 2 Bipolar about a yea
Today in particular was a roller coaster, i went from vomiting of pure mental pain to smiling from e
Not in a good state.

But I try to manage
Poor. I'm anxious and stressed all the time and my family wants soo much from me and I can't raise t
Okay
I think I'm to heavily reliant on happiness through my significant other. So when I'm alone, I'm ok/
Pretty good these days. It fluctuates though, as I guess everyone’s does 
Hahahahahahahahaha
It’s so poor that I’m up at 3 AM right now and had a hard time getting myself to stop sobbing. I got
Could be better. I'm stressed due to my workload and I'm dealing with body image issues. However the
Getting better but there's still much room for improvement
Not that great. It's been a tough lately but is better than before. 
ehhhhhh 50/50
Currently pretty good. The loneliness of the holiday season has passed and now it's time to look for
it thinks it is normal
I've been struggling a lot lately. 

I always knew that my father was abusive and I've come to terms
Shit
Dreadful
I'm 15
But I act like I'm 7 or 9 at times
Banging my head on  the wall and crying loudly
Bu
Not great after 3 double shifts in a row at the group home I work at. I'm real burnt out.
Right now? I'm doing okay.   
~~Christmas~~ Stressmass is over so I don't have to interact with peop
I stay up late wondering about conspiracy theories now.  
Pretty much a flying fuckfest atm. 

Constant paranoia, self doubt and hatred, I barely eat anymore 
terrible
More down than up, but I keep struggling through.
I had "crushes" as young as kindergarten, but my first real crush that actually amounted to somethin
honestly have never had a crush
11
13
8
Older than 14
14
I think I was like 16 when I had the first "real" crush where I actually knew them personally and I 
16. Didn't realize until I couldn't stop thinking about her.  I told her a week before I moved acros
Probably grade 1 or 2.  Im 23 now and shes still really really attractive and I have no chance with 
Grade 2, so age 7?

I remember these things for some reason.
7 and I remember explaining to her about it and expecting her to kiss me (because of what you see in
I was very young, but she was around 30 and married.
From ages 9 to 12 I had a huge crush on this guy who went to my school. For three years I was totall
none yet hehe
When I was in kindergarten, 4-6. I’m a woman.
Technically, it was in pre-school with this girl I would follow around during play time. 

My first 
About 14. Maybe 13
2nd grade. So, like 7 or so.
Filter by new, give my best one liners. 
Ambien.
Melatonin but it's very important you take a very low dose. I take 300**mcg** and whenever I need it
Climb into your bed. Lay your head down on that soft, fluffy pillow. Pull the covers right up to you
Read until drowsy. Mark page, fall asleep. 
Reading a book usually does the trick. Really helps me relax. 
Keep the room cool. Too hot means you won't get comfortable.

Keep the room dark. As dark as you rea
Melatonin 😂😂😂
Seroquel 50mg
Work hard for 3 hours prior to sleeping time.  In the hot sun. With little to drink. 
Jason Stephenson sleep hypnosis on YouTube
Asmr
Masterbation or good sex... works like a charm for me.
I force myself to dream. Well, not exactly: I imagine different stories in my head while relaxed in 
Blunt object to. The. Head
Podcasts or books for school ( I'm a teacher btw)
Lie belly down and read a non fiction book 
Eat
Complete physical and emotional exhaustion
Don't use electronics in bed.

I say as I type this from my bed.
Stay up real late 
Sometimes porn does the trick.
Watch movies until I feel sleepy
Stay awake til I'm sleepy.
4-7-8 breathing technique. Breathe in for 4 seconds, hold it for 7 seconds and use 8 seconds to slow
excersize during the day, 100% best thing
My rule of thumb is to never think negative thoughts while I'm in bed. I try to make the bed into a 
Fantasize, eventually it works lol
Listening to ASMR will put me down quicker than anything else.
10mg of melatonin and a 4 hour compilation of Zero Punctuation videos 
Sleep minimally, drink heavily. 
Slowly imagine myself sinking deeper and deeper into my bed with every breath, till I fall through t
Youtube or tv-series in bed 1-2 hours before i should sleep, if i use my head in any way then i will
Close my eyes
Counting, CBD oil, rain/thunder noises, making sure I get enough active time during the day to warra
Weed
Weed
The Constitution, it should be the mandatory document to be sworn in on. It should be held above the
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Real answer: The Constitution. It's really the only document that it makes sense to swear upon for a
The bee movie script in Latin, only on Wednesdays for obvious reasons
Credit card junk mail.
The Prince.
That fan fiction about smash Bros. That's the longest piece of literature ever
A dungeon masters guide.
I'd use a Koran just to piss people off
Finnegans Wake
50 shades of grey
Fortnite guidebook 
Homestuck Book 1

Just to let the public know what a mistake it was to choose me
A Copy of Napalm and Silly Putty by George Carlin...but then I'm a wannabe comedian, I may not be a 
George R. R. Martin's book, A dream of spring. There is no god damn justice in this world until I se
DVD case for "Big Asses, Small dicks"
The Vault Dweller's Survival Guide
Mao's Green Book
First edition dungeon master's guide.
Thug Kitchen
The assembly instructions for an Ikea bedframe.
Anarchist's Cookbook.
US constitution + state constitution. Because I’d be representing my state, my people, and I wouldn’
A bible, a copy of the Bill of Rights, and [this](http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQftBcR4i9
I'm a naturalist/secular humanist/atheist so if  I were elected to Congress or some high office I wo
Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix because the plot of that specific H.P. book is the most re
Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire.

I have read the book so many times, it is my favorite book of 
Instead of a text I'd opt for swearing in using the Sun.
Birth certificate
The Bible
Some Kanye song lyrics
The communist manifesto
I'd select affirmation if that exists in the United States. But back when I was 12 or 13 I did get s
Mein kamf?
Pissed with a boner
Clutched a 1v5 as recruit
Take my exams after not being at school for 3 months due to a nasty injury 
Your mother.
Left my marriage. I wanted it to work more than anything. I didn't get married to leave 4 years late
Either a ten mile run or beating Ghosts 'n Goblins. 
Cut her off. 

I’d give anything to have her back. 

Even when I have it all, i’ll still think about
I'm still in the middle of doing it. Psychoanalysis.
Robespierre (the guy who was having everyone guillotined during the French Revolution):

“Passerby, 
I told you I was ill 
There was a stone at the cemetery I used to work at that read "Do Not Disturb".
Here lies Lester Moore ..  
shot with two slugs from a .44 ..  
No Les, No More ..
Piledriver. 
I’m not your huckleberry
I see you reading this, *John*!

Would scare the shit out of random cemetery goers named John.
I once saw one that said, "The shell is here, but the nut is gone." 
“Oof”
Respawning in 10.. 9.. 8...
genius billionaire philanthropist... batman
The one that I’m sure will be on mine: “It seemed like a good idea at the time”
She was tough but pretty.  Like beef jerky in a ball gown. 
Invented car farts

                        -Elon Musk
Oof ouch owie
Why not? 
"And you guys thought I wouldn't do it"

-/r/me_irl user
See you all in hell
If you lived here you’d be dead already. 
"If you're reading this, you have more time than I do."
Leave, while you still can!
My will states my tombstone will say "I will never eat here again"

and the tombstone has to be plac
"Leave me alone"
He meant well.
If you like me check this box. 
If the person died in his sleep then write, "What happened?" 
She died doing who she loved
ded
"The phantom menace was a good movie lol"
I want my epitaph to be "Broken Promise." I was reading and writing fluently when I was three years 
"Past away"

That's 50 $ a letter! 
Want to trade places?
*As you are now, I once was and as I am now, you too shall be.*
Here lies a Man. 
Respawning
3...
2..
1.
Connection lost
I just want mine to say “Here lies Dobby, a free elf”. My husband has agreed to honor my wishes. 
And you thought I couldn't settled in one place forever.
“He died doing what he loved...dying”
'I was born for this.' And a picture of motivated kid meme.
“lol get rekt”
Paint me like one of your french girls
What up
Soil line
A line of [COKE](https://i.imgur.com/Eye3pIc.jpg).
I may be dead, but honor never dies.
Well, sheeiiiit
Checking emails and kicking cheats in the hereafter. 
"He tried"
"He had his boots on"
Deadass
Don’t [Something you believe people shouldn’t do] or you’ll end up here
Jokes aside, ‘don’t cry because I’m gone, smile because I was here’ is a good one
"Here lies one whose name was writ in water" - a young English poet
doubt it
I’m your huckleberry.

Or

You ain’t no daisy 
Always lived like he expected to get his money's worth out of every day of his life.
"He dead" 
BRB
Shhhh. I’m trying to sleep.

Or

Owe, you’re stepping on my head 
I'm Watching You
"They're coming to get you, Barbara." 
“It’s all your fault, Ann” 
"My heart has joined the thousand, for my friend stopped running today."

&#x200B;

God, I'm a wuss.
I’ll be your huckleberry 
I am not dead- just dormant. See you soon!
I want mine to say : If you can read this You are standing on my boobs 
Get the fuck out the way. I'm coming up bitch. 
My first Darwin Award!
The place is nice, but everybody here is so cold.
Now I got it! This is what that signal meant.
Dont look behind you 
Show me ya moves!
Move on, you are blocking my WiFi.
I left a stack of money in the 
I prefer a sign wave, that's just me though.
peperony and chease
There was a time before I was born, if someone asks, this is where I'll be.
Finally, a real vacation.
YOLO
'Blown upward, out of sight, he sought the leak by candlelight' is one I remember from an excellent 
Game over!

score: &e0

You cannot respawn in hardcore mode!
I'm just resting. I'll be back.
Send my regards to The Mittani
After an incident where one of my coworkers disobeyed a warning sign and ended up in the hospital fo
Today is the day i sold my soul for a cupcake.

Its from doki doki literature club. I dont care for 
"I don't know why everyone is overreacting, I was just taking a nap..."
“this tombstone was a hand-me-down”
My grandma died in 2018. She has "never sent an email or text". She was pretty proud of that. 
Just a middle finger
Stay foxy, die alone
"Embrace your inevitable doom," they said. "It'll be fun," they said.
"Nothing is set in stone"
Well if you are buried by your spouse <—— I’m with stupid.
"I told you I was sick." You get to be passive-aggressive and a know it all, even long after death!
"afk dead"
When are you joining me bro?
"At last, a cure for insomnia"
Pining for the fjords!
"See you all soon,fuckers."
No Dumping
Still highly contagious. 
Here lies Harry Dresden. He died doing the right thing. 

He died doing what he loves...... surprising Tigers
Game over,insert soul to restart. 
Put a Ouija board instead of a line
/life
"I am at peace. Hope you can say the same."
Oof, guess I died. Well, drop some F’s while you’re here.
[deleted]
I'm a guy who grew up with lesbian parents.

One was biological, one wasn't, my dad had partial cust
Just explain where babies come from the sense of biology, sperm and egg. If they have questions just
It probably was a "just birds" or "just bees" talk.
Ketchup on bacon
ice and cereal
Tuna and mustard with onion on wheat bread sandwiches.
Blue cheese and vanilla ice cream
Cup noodle, drained broth. Served on top of canned sardines.
Horseradish, dill pickles and deli mustard on a bratwurst. 
Beef ramen with a dollop of peanut butter
Foie gras and chocolate
Ketchup on mac/cheese... on occasion. 
Cream cheese and jam sandwiches
Grilled cheese with jam on top
Pickles on those microwaveable bean burritos.
A can of Dennison's Hot Chili, crushed up ramen noodles (into small pieces, not dust) with the water
blue waffles
Pockets being longer than the shorts. 
Chewing with their fucking mouths wide open the uncultured swines!
Ads with fake exit buttons
You have been banned from r/pyongyang
Listening crappy music on their phones in public without the earphones.
Not using your turn signal. Give it a week or two and everyone will drive properly. 
This is outrageous. Where are the armed men who come in to take the protestors away? Where are they?
Clapping with their hands instead of their feet. 
"Should of"
Skid marks
Chewing with their mouth open.
Not washing hands after the bathroom and before eating.
Automatic life sentence: camping in the left lane.
People referring to their husbands as “hubby”
Getting pedantic about silencer vs supressor.
Breaking the rules for lines/line etiquette. You wanna cut to the front or use your kids to try and 
Suggesting that any offense that I punish is ridiculous.  Be warned... :)
Possession of a mint condition Tiger Beat magazine with Bobby Sherman on the cover.
Upvoting Ugandan Knuckles memes
Anyone who types "could of" when they obviously mean "could HAVE", as in "You could HAVE avoided the
Just the gulag? What kind of namby pamby dictator do you think I am?

&#x200B;
Chewing with mouth open and smacking lips while eating.
turning the fan off after taking a shit and then closing the door.
Believing the Earth is flat.
Not exactly ridiculous, but people who put laugh tracks in their shows are brought to gulag. 
Subverting the will of the people.

Make no mistake, as a ruthless dictator, I am fully outside of t
leaving your indicator on
Not using the turn signal. 
Sneezing more than three times in a row. (Points finger) 👉 WITCH!!! 
Honking at a signal the second it turns green.
Using the word *break* to refer to the *brakes* on a car or other type of vehicle. You don't *break*
The two people who stand next to each other in a grocery isle.
Going in a urinal right next to a guy although there are others open
Failure to peel an orange and keep it in one piece.
If I had my way, we'd see the creation of the WREA; the Writing Rules Enforcement Agency.

This orga
Littering, aggressive driving that negatively impacts the flow of traffic.

&#x200B;

ie: speeding o
Mixing up "much" and "many"
Having any executive position in any company that calls someone on the do not call list, even once.
Littering.  Cigarette butts, fast food trash and discarded band-aids will be tracked to their owners
Yielding to other cars when they have the right of way.  
Tailgating 
Motherfuckers who stop in doorways would be summarily executed in my world.
Mispronunciations like Nuclear or potatoe.
People wearing their pants at their knees. Fucking ugly as hell, get a belt.
Wiping from the back!
Improper turn signal

Improper use of a double negative

Calling people you don’t know “bro”
Driving slow in the fast lane. 

Scratch that - driving altogether. Motherfuckers cant handle that s
Playing music with really loud bass (outside of designated areas).

I don't want to feel your fuckin
20 years for singing louder than a whisper in public 
Going out of order at a 4 way stop.
Pressing the caps lock key for one character in a password instead of the shift key. 
Do you karaoke? Please see our wonderful travel agents , they have a fine bitter cold destination wi
Not using their turn signals.
Not using their turn signals. Fuck them. 
White dudes who rock the samurai style haircut. 
Anybody that ruins my movie going experience will get the book thrown at them. No talking , no loud 
People who make slurping noises when they drink coffee.  
  
Oh, wait, that's *not* ridiculous.  Tha
Whistling is one month per ten seconds.
Dancing on a rooftop.

 You did ask for ridiculous.
to write 101 versions of 'Johny Johny Yes Papa' while enjoying the tear gas in the gulag. 
Being fat.

They can be released when they are thin enough to outrun the guards
Being offended.
“I seen...”
And while we’re at it, failure to understand when to use fewer vs less, its vs it’s, aff
Driving too slow in the left lane
Pronouncing ESPRESSO "eXpresso."
Not being good at cooking 
So, I heard you were rude to your waitress last night, Komrade. Normally, I would not concern myself
Sneezing in public.
Sandals and socks.
Not using their turn signal. 
Not going for the objectives in domination

You know who you are, and you deserve the gulag.
If someone exited my room and left the door like a bit open but didn’t close it completely. I’d just
Ketchup on eggs
Chewing with their mouth open
Disagreeing with me/telling me that I'm wrong. What I'm right about is that you'll be sent STRAIGHT 
Raisins in pastry’s 
When people hit you repeatedly you tell them to stop or they'll be consequences and have the balls t
Using light theme
Laughing at something on r/funny
People with small cars who park deep in a carpark and make it look like its vacant
parents who allow their 13 year old or younger girls to walk around in crop tops, short shorts and w
Not wearing deodorant. PLEASE


WEAR DEODORANT
Platitudes
Wearing short sleeve shirts
Shit posting on 4chan
Not having their Oyster Card / Travel Pass ready as they get to the barrier. That would be an instan
Misusing their they’re and there in casual conversation 
Turning right without moving into the curb lane first just because further back on the street there 
Wearing Crocs 
Blinking while speaking to me.
Using right-handed scissors if you've been certified left-handed.
Not rewinding netflix shows.
Being in a range of 50 kilometers for more than 2 days and 46 minutes
Blaring your fucking car horn. Whenever I hear it it pisses me off to no end, whether walking or dri
Not rinsing their dishes. That's disgusting. 
Emojis

Partly because I hate them.

Partly because I'd be love to see a black market for them.
Odd coloured socks. Destroying the fabric of society and footwear!
nothing
Telling me that I'm never going to use that SodaStream in two weeks time and that it's a waste of mo
Scraping their teeth on their fork while eating. 
Fedoras
Using a knife in the kitchen without a cutting board. 
Disapproving of your daughter's desire to marry a KGB agent.

It really was ridiculous. He had a bri
Reposting.
Clipping one's fingernails or toenails in public places. Extra punishment if they do it at a table, 
Chewing loudly.  
building rockets with round tips when I specifically asked for pointy ones
When in a restaurant with self seating, placing yourself directly near the person in the far corner 
People who edit their posts to thank the kind stranger who gilded them instead of sending a private 
Being named Ruth.
Using kitchen knives to open boxes/packaging.
Putting food directly in your pockets
any dude that wears skinny jeans
Any Yanny wearing a white and gold striped dress. 
Laurels in blue and black striped dresses are ok 
Wearing jean shorts
Dumb ass conspiracy theories.  Anything about 9/11 being an inside job.  Flat earth.  And my favorit
Spelling 'lose' as 'loose'
People chewing with their mouths open....they'll learn real quick
Complaining about too hot or much summer. Well, then a Pevek gulag camp should be right up your alle
Sagging their pants, doing fortnite dances, tiktoks, shall i go on?
Subway sandwich makers who don't put anywhere near enough olives on it.

Only three or four pieces o
Unironically calling destiny better than warframe.
Not getting to the point in any conversation.
talking before 9 am
Working at a Jewelry store on Wednesdays, for obvious reasons
Sitting in a parking spot in reverse and not moving. 

Fun fact: for every second you spend in rever
Salting their watermelons.
Saying “I could care less”.
Failure to use turn signals.
Telling me there are women near me that wants to have sex with me.


People who don’t whisper when they’re talking at the movies. Happened to me and there were some kids
Ending a sentence with a preposition (e.g, where you at?) and/or using the word "irregardless".


Cruising in the passing lane.

Actually this isn’t even ridiculous 
Not owning a cat
Having badly behaved children. Death to you, death to your shitty kids you couldn’t be bothered to a
Make that one type of paper that is that weird halfway between cardstock, laminate, and photo paper 
Listening to music with headphones but with the volume on max so that everyone can hear what they’re
WHISTLING 😤
Saying negative things about me on the internet.
Talking on your phone in the lunch room while it's on speaker.
Yes, I'm talking about you Lance.
Nothing, I'm a benevolent, enlightened tyrant who supports the freedom and prosperity of his people.
Failing to wash their hands after using the bathroom.
looking at stray animals without taking it home. It would be a fun game of BirdBox with animals
Riding bicycle on sidewalk instead of walking it 
People squeezing from the middle of the damn toothpaste tube. 
For writing Gulag with a small g
Wearing mother fluffin cowboy boots with mother fluffin basketball ball shorts! White redneck guys, 
Reposting political memes.
oh, wait. That’s Russia from 2015
People who cheer a high school graduations before the end
Stopping their car somewhere they aren’t supposed to, putting their flashers on, and thinking that n
I'd throw people in jail for not answering questions.

It just annoys me greatly when I ask someone 
Going valley on lakeville encounter
Not knowing pop culture references. 
Not liking dogs. 
Fuck so many people would go... i guess fucking up my food order. 
Being a shitty person overall, which would be decided by me
Asking to be sent to a Gulag
Use of advertisements on the internet. Boom, it’s now gone. No more consumer internet. 
Not knowing how to merge into traffic without coming to a stop.
Making eye contact with anyone. 
Eating a KitKat without breaking it.
Using the overhead space above someone else's seat on a plane. 
Refusing to build your stupid wall.
Anyone who drinks a Glass of milk with a bowl of cereal is guilty of treason and executed. 
Obeying me
Spitting gum any place other than I the the trash. 1 year hard labor. 
Playing music through the speaker on their phone at full volume.
Sagging pants
Ordering pineapple on pizza
Making loud noises that actually disturb me. If you make a loud noise but I don't notice it you're g
If it’s barely raining outside and you’ve got your windshield wipers goin as fast as they fucking ca
Putting the roll of toilet paper on the wrong way/direction.
Posing a political threat against my power, persuading the population of a different ideology, attem
for having a IQ below 150 which i can then use to make a race of super smart people
Throwing ink at an image of me.
Don't get your child vaccinated? Then say goodbye to parenthood. Unless there is a medical reason of
Trying to merge onto the highway 20mph slower than the current flow of traffic is an instant death s
anyone that demands to be called Ze or Zir
Let's see: not smiling, sneezing/coughing without closing their mouth, anything that is a thoughtcri
People who put nasally offensive food in the work microwave and smells up the office for the rest of
People who think they’re too smart for religion but won’t shut up about CrossFit, yoga, or ordering 
Eating with their mouth open 
Doing Fortnite dances
Liking the green apple skittle instead of the lime #NotMyRainbow
Standing in the middle of places with heavy foot traffic like the entrances of stores in shopping ce
People who stop in the middle of a walk way for no fucking reason, especially if they have a shoppin
Putting Pineapple on Pizza 
Plumbers crack. Being a bitch
People who don't like mint ice cream/mint flavoured sweets

Excuse me, you're wrong
Having proper grammar,
The Jacksonville Jaguar’s Offense. Everyone involved needs to be sent to the gulag.
People who hate rapists or pedophiles with a passion.
Parking in front of the “no parking fire lane” area of a parking lot while someone runs into the sto
Wondertrading magikarp.
Blinking in my presence.
Man buns
Wearing pants that look like they have pockets but don’t 
Talking in another language or writing on anything but a piece of paper or an electronic device 
leaving dishes in the sink
Pineapple on pizza would get you five years.
Acting like a fucking ass to Teachers ( I dont know why but when my fellow students teach Teachers l
walking slowly or stopping in heavy foot traffic
Communism.
Crying babies/children can fuck right off.
She said no if I’m ruthless fuck morals
Talking. It’s gonna be like A Quiet Place up in this country. 
Leaving a lego on the street.
having those bright ass LED headlights on their car 
Failing to use the Oxford comma. 
Hiccuping with an open mouth. That sound will get you sent straight for torture 
People who i have judged and not found interesting and are just fucking annoying.
Littering, buying or selling plastic, coal powered anything.
Pouring milk before the cereal 
Not using your turn signals and not putting your headlights on when it rains. 
Anyone who fucking types “UwU”
Talking crap about cargo shorts. They have pockets for days and I can store a ton of crap in them. G
Couples sharing social media accounts.
Fighting over whether plot or justice is better
Using a catapult instead of a trebuchet
Merging onto the highway at 45mph, when all highway traffic is going a minimum of 65. Looking at you
having a vagina
Chewing with their mouths open/talking with their mouths full
Littering.
Using Papyrus as the font for their business/menu/anything.

Straight. To. Execution.
Touching your nose when you walk past someone. 

Bad breath.
Getting too fat
People chewing loudly, people who design women's clothing without having pockets, people who don't s
Chewing with their mouths open
Cheering me up when I'm brooding/angry.

I mean, thanks, and you're a cool guy/gal, but I'm trying b
Walking around in public, holding their mobile up on speaker phone. 

*Prepare the leg irons!*
Everything the visiting venezualans mention in parks and rec.

Undercook chicken? Prison.

*Overcook
Bei g the first person to sit after a standing ovation.
People with the following hair colour:
purple, pink, blue, orange, green, white

Not grooming eyebrows

Having ear hair I can see

Unkempt nose hairs 


MAGA hats
Anyone who buys a Toyota Mirai. 
Holding your phone with one hand and typing with your index finger.
Making a noise when they yawn
showing up more than 5 minutes late to a date. 
Farting sideways
Puppetry, that includes ventriloquism and marionettes. Anyone found in possession of any kind of pup
Just existing is enough. 
Mayonnaise 
Call me old fashioned but only capitalists and counter revolutionaries belong in gulags.
*Hiding* that you are gay. *Being* gay is fine, but if you're *hiding* it, you die. Forever.
Your eyelashes are too long, off to the gulag.
Watching anime
Not caring about global warming 
Wearing tight pants. They will be measured by putting a bottle through the pants. If they don't come
Pronouncing syrup (seer-up) as syrup (sir-up)
Being Jewish 
The Sopranos
Mr. Robot I mean all the intros are different, but I love their title cards
The first two seasons of Narcos 
Hawaii Five-O
Doctor who.

Watch a season premier with long-time fans. You’ll get nothing but people screeching ra
ATM Harvey Street Kids
Justified 
Firefly
Game of Thrones
Halt and catch fire, so simple yet so accurate about the theme and era of the show
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO4myLCfN-Y](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO4myLCfN-Y)

I don't 
Phyllis - 1975 [https://youtu.be/Dqq0whI2AtY](https://youtu.be/Dqq0whI2AtY)
Brooklyn Nine Nine. 

...Great, now the music’s stuck in my head.
Six Million Dollar Man. That intro alone is better than many shows.
Attack on titan, I have never watched a single episode though
I have a creative and strategic mind for lots of projects. Just lack the "get up and go"
Constant self sabatoge!
Usually toxic unsupportive people.
Reddit
The ever-present, crippling reality I live in where I believe nobody will ever relate to anything I 
My memory loss and it pisses me off. 
Games console 
My Gf,

I can make a lot of more money if i switch jobs, in my current field.

I learned NDT applica
My love of sleep
Money, with how expensive everything can’t really afford a place not school. 
Laziness. Or money. Or both. 
I myself, and also money.
I am. I don't push myself enough and I never take risks
Forgetfulnes
I lack proper discipline and as such am too easily distracted by drugs, sex, and video games. 
Long term head injury.
Depression.
Gravity 
Gravity
Complete lack of motivation to do anything
What potential?
Laziness and self doubt
My anus
Monkey on the car!
My brother’s autism is really getting bad these days...
Where’s dad?
OMG I'm sitting bricks
Me 
Give me whatever you have the most of.
What's green and rhyms with Ricardo.... ROCKMELLON
Look under the avocado. 


And


Ooh! That makes me knit tiny sweaters! 
Mind the step
Hey kid, you wanna see a dead body?
Ron the Pimp   
DAVE??!!
Looks like someone took the slow train from Philly. 
This ain't making a child nor a flagpole...
It's popping! 
Sij Sij means sausage 
I feel hot in my car. I feel hot in my car. I feel...

Or

It’s a bit...spicy!!

Or

Look what I fou
Prawn hands
YOU'RE a salmon cup!
The bees from Family Bargain Center only have one wing so they fly around in circles.

(Thanks for t
Reggie Winfield
Now, that's a DAMN lie!
Grandpas Juice
57
Oh haha yeah avo okay avo

or

CRETCHER

or

let's play fun!
You did a dad
"I'm sorry for the wait, *sir,* what can I get you?"
And there was a tsunami in Thailand? 
Scuba Diving Junior.

The Talented Mr Ripleys Believe it or not.

KILL IT!!!!!!!!


Red fox!
Saying "custard" randomly.
Sopen sleigh.
My birth
You know what they say about us [surname deleted]...we love the sauce.
With just my sister;


Upstairs, across from the sink.
Beef Beef *do a bad version of the robot at the same time
Going to Washington
It’s not dead, it’s dormant! 
The beard and glasses.
“IT’S A FOX” or “YOU IMBECILE”
Punching their food
"You know what my favorite [blank] is?"

"D'OH!"
Arms in the air!

Point them towards Stephanie!

Gobble Gobble Gobble!
It’s a hemorrhoid pillow!!! 
I have an algebra textbook from the 1800s, it's mostly the same from modern math but the idea of gra
My mom made a blanket for me when I was two years old. I'm 36 now. The blanket stays on top of my be
I have an Arrowhead that I got from an excavation in Israel. It's dated to be about 2300 years old.

My 1965 Beatles Help vinyl because I have a vintage vinyl collection. (There might be an older vinyl
I own a desk that was apparently salvaged of a ship that ran aground in a storm on the 31st of Decem
I have the original copy of my great-great-great grandfathers honorable discharge papers from the ar
I have a cannon ball from who knows when. It's a solid orb of iron about 4 inches across. I have it 
My house 110 years old 

Edit built in 1907 it’s in Canada, confederation of Canada was only 40 year
My dad gave me a torpedo shaped spring water bottle he found at work, the bottle is from about 1910-
I have an original printing of "Finding Yellowstone" written by John Muir. Print date is 1912. It fi
A 1937 English version of "Nazi Primer: A Hitler Youth Handbook".
When my grandma was younger she used to paint a lot. In every room of her house they are hanging all
I have piece of pottery Dated 3700 BCE from
Lothal Civilization!
That Makes it Approx 5719 Year Old!
A postcard from relatives in Germany to my great-greats in the US. I find it especially neat that it
 Uranium glass dishes.  they fluoresce under uv light.
My grandfather's blacksmith tools he made in the early 1900s as an apprentice. 
I have a magazine from the 1880s, a dime from 1944, and a piece of paper that our family tree was ro
A worn French coin from the 1770s or 1780s 
Nice try Mr Thief trying to get us to tell you our most valuable objects. 

Luckily for me the oldes
My body
When my great uncle came over from Norway in the late 1800's he made a wooden model of the boat he s
My wedding ring. It was my great grandmother’s  and is over 100 years old. 
A very political board game entitled, "Capital Punishment".
I have a piece of Roman pottery. 
I have a Mosin Nagant rifle that was likely used in WWII. I was born in Russia, so it's cool to own 
A crystal bowl that originally belonged to my great-great grandmother. No real story to it, just bee
A mantle clock made during Mozart's time (1756-1791).

It's a family heirloom and keeps accurate tim
My dad has a German dagger from WW1 and  I have book from 1939.

Our house is older than America.
Our family's legacy book, over 2000 year's old
Pieces of a mosaic from Roman ruins in Israel
Here’s a bit of a story.

I was living in Berlin with my 6 year-old daughter and my wife. The marria
A brass 1 sen coin from Meiji era japan, i think 1873?

A 1899 quarter. [Pic](https://i.imgur.com/P5gzg05.jpg)
I have my first teddy bear. I got it for my first Christmas when I was only a few months old. It the
My wedding ring was given to me by my grandfather, who was given it by his father and so on. Apparen
I have a copy of Dante’s Inferno with etchings by Gustave Doré. It’s over a hundred years old at thi
A picture frame with a picture of my great-great grandfather. He died in the beginning of October,19
I have one of the earliest semi automatic rifles ever made, it was made in 1911, the Remington Model
My violin. My great x2 grandfather made it. My family is not a wealthy family. It is my favorite thi
I have a few stereoscopic cards from the stereoscope craze of the late victorian period. Kind of a p
I got a 2000 year old agustus coin
I have a large map (A3 size) of the original area of Palestine and surrounding areas before the crea
I have two 100+ year-old tubas. I play for a living, and one of them is 100% usable in my career, an
I have a 2" pot from Mohenjo daro that the tour guide gave me (it seemed strange years later) when I
I have a vase that is now our family heirloom. We got it from another family during ww2, and then th
My Gram made me a stocking for my first Christmas back in 1977. Still have it because it reminds me 
I have a coin that was minted in 1032 or something like that. I left the coin at home with my parent
My baby blanket was a hand-me-down from my godmother's son. He is roughly 20 years older than me, so
We own a Roman lamp from the 2nd century AD. We have it because my husband, a professor of ancient R
My house was built around 1905, so probably that because I need somewhere to live.
My late grandmother’s cast iron frying pan, which she owned for 70+ years, and which she inherited f
My country house was started being built in the 12^th century. It's almost finished.
I have some books from the 1910-1920s. I like books. Old books in particular are very cheap and nice
I have a knife or dagger of unknown age that I found on the bottom of the sea when swimming at a sec
Great grandfather’s railroad watch made in 1915. 

He was killed in an accident at work connecting t
Some old notes and coins of many different countries. My mother and I happen to found by accident fr
Hard to say. A few worn down old Roman coins. Arrowheads. A few statues labeled as from Central and 
My grandparents had some renovations being done to the building they lived in and the excavating cre
My great-great grandmothers collection of cards she received throughout her life. Including many lov
I own a teapot from 1910.
My wife has jewelry from my mothers mother and from her mothers mother.
Maine License plate from 1907, I collect license plates.
I have a coin that’s 122 yrs old
I have a will from 1588. My mum bought it at an antique shop a few years back. We finally tracked do
Have a book written in the mid 19th century 
Some 100 and something years old clothes
Baby pictures of my grandmother 1922. 
Old wooden box my grandma's mum stored jewelry in.
I Have a Boy Scout Manual from 1943 (in pretty good condition). I got it as a gift from a teacher at
An 180 year old dictionary because I found it in someone's shed and bought it for 2 dollars from the
I have a ring that has been in my family for over 150 years. I think it's around that age. It's been
Probably a couple old hymnals from the 1920s. I love hymnals and when my husband and I were dating, 
I have a book from 1916 on how to study effectively (technically books are made by man, right?). Thi
I have a classical guitar from 1960. A family friend gave it to me cuz he saw that I was getting int
1883 quarter of a dollar
I got a rock it holds down papers on my desk 
I don't own it but it's my family's. There's a book that details everyone in the family, and goes ba
Likely my 300-year old French dining table set
My father in law (born 1947) gave me a rolling pin that his mother got from her mother. 
1950's Russia army Molnia watch that got here during the end of WW2
I have my great-great grandmother’s kitchen table and cast iron pan. I doubt they were new when she 
I have a copper colonial half penny from 1737 (give or take a few years because the coin isn't in th
A Winchester Model 74 that was made in 1947.
I got a piece of the Berlin wall my father gave to me
A rock-hard teddy bear. It has been going through generations for about 120 years. I keep it in a re
I have some coins from the Roman Empire because im a pack rat who likes shines metal things 
I’ve got a little Egyptian amulet of Bast, the cat goddess - it’s about 2,500 years old. 

Someone b
I have a pocket watch from 1827 and it still runs. Have it because it's been in the family for a lon
Right now I’m lying under my grandpa’s scratchy wool blanket from his Navy days, circa 1950s. Nice a
I have a silver dollar from the 1860's. It's quite heavily worn and not really worth much other than
I own a letter written to my great-great-great-grandfather in 1866.
A pair of WW1 binoculars, dated 1917, 102 years old.
My house was built in the 1860's. Also, I have a native American hatchet head that my grandfather fo
When I was 5 I made a classy mug. I'm 13 and why I still have it is because I used it
Not long before my grandfather passed, he gave away some of his possessions to people he wanted to h
I have a small collection of antique coins. Nothing of any major value, but some of them are very ol
I visited the Buenos Aires flea markets four years ago and picked up a policeman's two tone whistle 
I own some sort of metal combination lock (I'm told it was from China) but since I cant read the cha
I have a #7 Stanley plane that I've dated at about 100 years old. Still sharp. My house was built in
I have a map dated 1579. I have it because, hey--antique map.
Not as old as some stuff here but I got my great grandads rifle from around the WW1 area, he used it
WW2 dress sword. 
A French coin from 1863, I found it along with an 1891 British penny in the coin return of a Coinsta
Bronze age spear head
I found about 25 old records dating back to 1910 at my grandmother's house in NC before she passed a
I have a green and white blanket that is roughly 16-17 years old. She bought it for me before I was 
I have two trunks from my grandmother's house. I got them when she was clearing out her house in ord
I have a hide scraper made of chert, that I picked up on our ranch west of Austin. I have no idea ho
I have an Argentine Mauser model 91 that was manufactured in 1894 and is still in near-pristine cond
I have a coin minted in honor of the coronation of James II of England by the Order of the Garter in
Oo we have a dresser built in 1810. There is probably something older here but this one sticks out b
An 1862 United States 2-cent coin.
I have a very old bible my father gave me. It was given to him by his father, but it has a female na
I got a Yogi Bear mug with an Easter egg in 1989 and I've had it since. I wasn't over-protective or 
Not in my personal collection, but my grandparents have a journal from a family member from the civi
My husband and I got way into metal detecting when we were young and in our first house (built in 19
A penny from 1918. I kept it because it's cool. I got it back in my change one day. Wheat pennies ar
An arrowhead I found in a creek bed, probably. Not sure how old. Looks to be made of quartz, I dunno
I found an iron at a consignment shop. I couldn't find a date on it, but did some research and found
I own a postwar american flyer marksman train set from 1965
The first four Doctor Who comic books.

I'm a fan of Doctor Who. When my grandpa died (I was told he
I have a REALLY strange and old copper threaded ball from a power room in a bank that was being remo
I don't technicality own it, but my apartment is over 90 years old. It's a old place. 
My neonatal hospital ID bracelet, that states I was born on 14:38 Philippine time. I want to make a 
My grandma made my dad a blanket with all the presidents up until right after Ford was elected. My d
Not the oldest, but the most interesting.

We have my grandad's helmet from WW2. He was shot in the 
A huge machete from ww2 that my husband found in his moms house when helping her move. His deceased 
I have a pen in a small case dating from the mid 1800s. 

When I was about 5, I wanted to be an arch
The farm, that my dad and I live on, is more than 300 years old as my dad and I are the seventh gene
Probably a peso from the same year as the seige of the Alamo: 1836.
My PlayStation 1, 1994, I don't have much old stuff
I have baby pics of me from the 1980s.  I've lamented about this before, though, baby clothes of tha
A book by Jack London printed in 1975
This body I'm in because apparently upgrading in real life doesn't work. 
I own a spoon
I played tuba for 8 years in school and have wanted one since! Can’t find one in a price range and c
My car
It's in my pants....it's a chastity belt made by my great grandpa. Gives splinters. Like. crazy!
I have a few cast iron pans that my grandmother gave to me that were given to her by her grandmother
1936 Mosin Nagant 91/30

Probably have some older stuff, but the rifle is the coolest, still works, 
1. My house, built in the 20s
2. Because I have to live somewhere
I'd assume it's either my 1786 silver dollar coin, or an old undated pirate coin. I doubt I'll ever 
.30-40 Krag from 1894
Flint arrowheads. I have a few. Easy to find near where I live after the fields have been ploughed. 
1931 Canadian nickel. My grandpa gave it to me a few years ago.
My house. 1864.
My parents have a part of a Roman amphora ( a handle and the mouth) one of their friends found while
I don't know exactly how old our piano is, but the company who made it started in 1808. The professi
I have a 150 year old family heirloom vase. A family friend’s grandmother has an apartment in Damasc
Not me, but my old violin instructor. He had a violin that apparently was made in the 1760s, literal
I have a piece of the Great Wall of China. Slept in one of the battlements and it was just laying th
I have a map of Ireland from 1794.
Good friend of mine was in Europe a couple of years ago and gifted me a farthing made in 1733. That'
My dad has medals from the Irish War of Independence, so they're about 100 years old. 
A camera lens built in in 1959 (which makes it 3x older than me), I bought it because its built like
I have a set of wooden blocks with pictures painted on from my great aunts childhood, maybe 70 years
A taxidermied trout my grandfather caught in 1929.
I have some coins from Caesar, Constantine and other rulers. My oldest is from 223-300bc I think
Confederate $2 bill. 

I am a historian specializing in the history of the American South from settl
I have the bomb selector unit from a World War II Lancaster Bomber (alas it's 200 miles away in my f
Not mine....but it will be. 

&#x200B;

My mother has a table that is hundreds of years old. It has 
I had a quick look around the house and came to the conclusion that the oldest thing I own is the ho
I've got the head of an old stone-age arrowhead somewhere - I found it on an island in Norway in an 
I have a few books from the 19th century.

  


I have them because I like books.
I have a Spanish cavalry carbine that was made in 1904. I saw it at a gun store and also happen to l
I own a bucket from the 16th century. My mom took it home together with among other things a spinnin
Dagger with a rhinohorn hilt from the 1700's  my grandfather said it was made in socotra and my fami
I have a 1911 penny.
My bed is from my great great grandma, she used from 1906-1948 when she died. I am not 100% sure but
I have a car from 1932 
A Winchester Model 1887, 12 gauge shotgun that belonged to my grandad. It’s about 130 years old. 
One year for Reddit Secret Santa I received a silver French coin from the 1400s.
I have a Caligula-era coin sitting on my shelf right now.
Revolutionary War (US) era gun. I chose a few items from my father's collection before we siblings d
Somewhere in storage, I have a knife with an ivory handle. Don't know how old it is, but it belonged
I have a rusted horse shoe I found on a city trail near me. There was restoration work going on so i
I have a two handed meat cleaver with "1957" stamped on it.

I own it because "two handed meat cleav
Obsidian arrowheads found in a remote section on Nevada while prospecting a couple hundred miles Nor
My great grandmother's necklace, she loved making jewelry and putting them together, my grandma now 
A petrified forearm bone carved to work as a knife handle. You can see the marrow. We found it out i
A beautiful cherrywood dresser/vanity my great grandfather made. Its something like 120-some odd yea
My wedding ring is about 1000 years old. My wife and I are both medievalists, and when I sent her a 
A piece of the USS Maine. 
I have a small canon ball I found in a field in Utah. I have no idea how old it is but I’m pretty su
Mason jar from 1910
Gold $5 piece from the 1880s. Grand mother's gift for me when I was born.
I'm getting married a week from today. Fiance and I we're going through some memory boxes at her par
It was a mammoth tooth. Was given to me by my grandfather. I since traded it to an attorney for the 
I have a book that my 2nd great grandfather gave to his bride on their wedding day. The book plate h
I have a record from 1910. “Oh Holy Night”. It’s absolutely horrifying to listen to. The voices soun
Tintype photographs of my great-great-grandparents as children (circa 1840, I think). 

When my moth
A collection of Indian head spears and arrow heads. My grandfather used to find them on the farm whe
A Confederate ten dollar bill because for some reason my grandma who is in the deep South thinks I a
I have an old British coin from 1757.  Don't even really remember where i got it, but kept it becaus
Roman coin, an ex gave it to me as a random gift
I have a Native American axe head/cutting tool that dates between 500-2000 years old. Found it in a 
My house is 156 years old.

I made a huge mistake and bought a house that needs constant maintenance
I have a Roman coin dated to around 400 AD
African fetish. It just looks like a little wooden statue of a figure thinking, my parents got it fo
My Nanna's baby bowl. It would be nearly 100 years old now. 

Monetarily it's worth nothing. It was 
I have my grandpa's stamp album, which he left to me when he passed

I also have 2 other books he ga
I worked in the Sahara Desert in 1968, and one day, with nothing better to do, I climbed up to the t
Not as close to as old as some people's stuff, but here goes:

I was exploring my deceased great-gra
My grandma’s sewing box, which is filled with buttons and Knick knacks, needles and colourful thread
Newspaper from 1600. Left in the family. 
English coins from 1812 and 1869. 
My dad collected coins. He gave them to me. 
I have Australian ro
An AA sobriety token from my late sponsor.  Not sure why I have it though.
I have an arrowhead, quite a few actually, that are at least 300 years old since that’s when the Ind
A knick knack corner my great great granpa built.  I use it as a prayer corner and have my religious
An old hutch. It's been in my family since the 1890's. Still has the original locks and rounded glas
Ds lite
I have several old bottles from the Vancouver Soda Works (logos embossed into the glass) which I hav
A rifle that was built in 1899 by the Russian empire then rebuilt by Finland in the 30s. It was used
I have a book that's around 123 years old! It was my great grandma's oldest sister who owned it, and
i have a lot of old arrow heads and a German Bayonet that was taken off a dead soldier from WW1 
I have a 1902 Kellog wall Telephone that was passed down from generation to generation. 

I also hav
My life
I have some crocheted blankets made by my great great great great grandma. I got them from my great 
I have an old-school barometer of my great grandpa's that is probably from the 60s or 70s. I got it 
Our house which was built in 1870.  
I have a Nickel from 1898.  The oldest I have that actually sees regular use is probably my 8 inch G
I own a house built in 1955. Why? Because I'm poor...
1910 - Wheat Penny

&#x200B;

I also have a 1918, 1919, 1928, 1939, and lots from the 40's and 50's.
I have some artifacts from the American Civil War, including a minie ball.

I have it because I'm a 
A Mauser C96 that saw use during the Second Boer War and WW1 and still is in one piece, but definite
**A massive 65 million year old ammonite fossil**
1945 print of "The Revolution Betrayed" by Leon Trotsky

I've been building up a politics/philosophy
I recently got an Edgeworth Extra High Grade Plug Splice tobacco tin. I'm not sure exactly what year
The oldest thing I own is a 1933 National Triolian steel body resonator guitar. I love the old style
I have a wooden chair (that’s in regular use) that will be 100 next year.

Was my great grandfather 
I have a gold sovereign from 1909. My nan left it me in her will. 

I miss her...
Have an Aztec figurine my great grandfather found when working on construction of a railroad in Mexi
Either my house (built 1920) or my first-generation Kodak Brownie camera (sometime between 1900-1935
I have a couple of coins that are from the 1800s and a metal pencil from 1921. I also have a couple 
I call your arrowhead, and raise you a 6 million yo fossilized fishy. I have arrowheads too, but fro
I'm currently in possession of one of our family Bibles, copyright 1874.

It's got as much of the ol
My backpack. I've had it for over ten years and still use it everyday for school 

&#x200B;
Me. I am made by man. I own it because I have no choice. It's not so bad. Could use an upgrade thoug
Railroad spike. I think its my great (great?) grandfathers. Been passed down.
I have a Civil War era .50 cal. Minie Ball round.  A friend bought it for me on her trip through the
An apron, from an old best friends, grandma, from like the 50s (I wish I still had that friendship o
My grandpas old conductor's pocket watch, I believe is pure silver (might be wrong) but he got it as
A WWII US Army  ice-jacket. I have it because it was inherited from a great uncle, and it fits me pe
Not that old but i still eat with forks made in some eastern european country during the communist r
I have an old wooden soap box from 1911 (I think?). Thought it was cool and bought it for like, five
I have some glass pearls from the early viking ages, about year 800. 
I have a knife that my great great grandfather made. Antler or bone handle, I think, with a steel bl
It's an Easco Life Jacket Light from WWII...

https://jetartaviationshop.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/im
A Favorite Cast Iron Double burner griddle made in Piqua, OH sometime between 1916-1935.  I use it t
A large gold statue of one of my gods. A king apparently gave it to my Great Great Great Great Great
A toddler sized wooden rocking chair that used to be mine as a kid that my grandpa made ages ago. St
A Gucci watch my father gave me. He said he had he bought it when he was working in his first job, w
One of those big two-person tree saws. It's been with my family for as long as I can remember, thoug
My body

Wait no. Coin from 1920s
Blacksmith's vice. Have it because it's useful thing to have. 
1990's teenage mutant ninja turtles, batman, and pokemon pillow sheet. Fought my brother for them
I have a steamer trunk from the late 1800s (I believe it was made in the 1880s). It's a family heirl
I have an old navy surplus dresser from the 1950’s in my bed room and use it everyday. It’s super si
Probably one of the coins lying around my desk honestly 
I own a cast iron skillet that belonged to my Nuna (Hungarian great grandmother). She bought it new 
The first ipod 
A 1950's table saw/ jointer combo
I have a view master projector from the 40’s. It was a hand me down from my grandmother. In a simila
I have an original "Heavy Sixer" Atari 2600 from 1977. Made in Sunnyvale, California. 

I have it be
Comic book from the 1940s. It was on sale at my local comic shop and I was curuous.
A Razr flip phone. JK I do have some random old stuff.

1917 (I believe) Army Infantry handbook ft. 
I have a book that is older than WWI.  It is an elementary French textbook that belonged to my great
My father
An original copy of The Seven Lady Godivas. I have it because my granmda thought it could be worth m
Not as old as most of the things in this thread, but I have a BMW motorcycle from the early 80s - ol
A Beano book from 1964. The Beano (and The Dandy, The Topper, Whizzer and Chips, Oor Wullie etc) is 
I have a banana republic t shirt I got 12 years ago, that still is in great shape. Every other shirt
A soft leather copy of The Engineer's Handbook. Dated 1918, with a personalization of 1925 by a mids
Up until last week I had a can of coke that had a best before date of 1996. It was a special Man Utd
I have a late 70s "The Paul" electric guitar that I bought in an Arkansas pawn shop in the early nin
Not me but my grandma has a geographical dictionary from 1855. Pretty sure it belonged to her parent
I have the very first sewing machine my grandma bought when she was a teenager in the forties I beli
A wool coat from the early 80’s that I still wear.  
I have a pc that's about 10 years old
I have a Russian Samovar that was originally made in the 1800s. It was later converted to electric i
My SNES probably. 
A pair of socks that are about 50 years old. The toes and heels are nearly worn through, but since t
My mom used to work for an antiquities dealer, and I ended up owning a ushabti from ancient Egypt an
I have a piece of bog oak that’s 6500 years old and it’s also certified. 

I have a chip of a dinosaur vertebra given to me by a girlfriend that worked in a paleo lab at a mus
A photo from 1924.

It belongs to my stepmother's family. When she passed away, I got most of her pe
Very cool, I love ammonites... although not man-made.
Myself.
An Indian ax head I dug out of the ground. 
Myself
A knife made by my grandpa. He gave it to me before he died and told me I could use it to skin my fi
I have a hand axe that my mom found on an island. She says an archaeologist from the Smithsonian sai
Myself
They don’t make them like the used to!
My underwear.
This phone....fucking 2016 man
Life and bread bcs bread is good
Not a teacher but former football and basketball coach. This is not true for all of “today’s youth” 
Floss, floss, fortnite, floss, fortnite, fortnite, floss, fortnite, fortnite and floss 
I am not a teacher but one thing I have noticed is the lack of independence. Lots of youth becoming 
A greater degree of focus on physical appearance, with social media playing a huge part in teens dev
youth: *exists*

me: 😤
Using their smartphones when eating rather than socialising. 
Wikipedia used as a source
Self entitlement. Be afraid of the next generation; they think they're special. 
Tik toking all the time 
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **an
invest $0.93 in a bank. forget about it for 1000 years. Once i am out of money and working as a spac
Depends. Can I be killed? Am I indestructible? Do I need food and water and oxygen? Will I ever age?
Try to commit and see if that’s a loophole
Dump money into long term investments 
Teleport some bread.
Have an existential crisis. 
Create a time capsule full of stuff from today.
Travel to Afghanistan. If I'm going to have that much time I'm going to visit every single country i
Get depressed and jump of a bridge. 
Buy a good sword. 
Go back to bed. If I'm living forever I can do things tomorrow
live forever 
Freaking cry, wym? 
Cancel my life insurance. 
Cry
1. Always necessary to say its important not to get trapped. Spending a thousand years at the bottom
Start taking bets. 
Kill my masters.
Masturbate
like 50 tabs of acid
Walk around at night.
tell my mom
Jump of a bridge to see if it works
The first thing I'm going to do is take about 40 years to decide what the first thing I'm going to d
Eventually I'd become a science marvel; Somewhat of a celebrity figure I didn't ask to become. Mater
Leap off skyscrapers for giggles.
Go back to sleep
It doesn't matter what I do. If I will literally live for all of time going forward, then eventually
Go through the time square and do something awful so the police start shooting at you but then them 
Junk Food binge. Diets are fucking OVER.
Panic because I get to see my children die.
Be a sentient Chronicom
Try OD'ing like a mofo
Try different forms of suicide to see if I'll die or not
I become God Emperor of Humanity.
Pants down, helicopter celly
Your mind will want to give up and quit LONG before your body will actually give out. 

Often times,
I think we have this tendency to put parents on a pedestal (I can only speak to north american socie
Family is not everything, and you should never have to sacrifice anything about yourself for them - 
The fact that cannibalism would solve both world hunger and overpopulation
Even if you don't agree, be civil.
Life is unfair, the natural world is filled with violence and pain, you are owed nothing. 
Stop being so entitled. You don't deserve a damn thing that you haven't made for yourself. The only 
That everyone is another actual person. People seem to forget or ignore the fact that everyone they 
The World can suck and you lose.
The vast majority of people don't like you.  
Your first attempt will always be bad, natural talent is just dumb luck and doesn't really exist. If
Some people, through NO EFFORT ON THEIR PART, will have a much easier life than others. You are in n
I’ve said it before but don’t think you have so much time to ‘succeed’ 
You don’t, after 40 it’s all
Happiness is not common
Your parents are afraid and stressed out and are doing the best they can. They make mistakes too. An
Ugandan knuckles is better than big chungus
Apple is a lying cheating scummy company that over prices products and gives them less features
It is infinitely better to be alone and miserable than to be with someone that makes you miserable
Peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth.

I am being 100 percent serious when I say 
I’m trying to poop and can’t 
There was once a macho breed of manly men that is now extinct, barefoot American football kickers an
Reddit>Instagram
That you don't have to respect your relatives just because they are brothers and sisters of your par
How to set the dial on a washing machine. How to hang clothes after that. 
I. There's no such thing as unconditional love - not even from parents. People have barriers and bou
Feminism hurts both males and females
"War, what is it good for?"
basically everything that occurs to you is your responsibility and you are to blame 100%.

&#x200B;

This subreddit
A bag with 2 phones and a wallet 7 years ago. We found it on the playground while walking around wit
r/dankmemes tbh
Found a baby under a bush! (Alive)

Not sure how much they go for on the black market, but I assume 
A penny from 1908... worth a whopping $3 now
In 1997 my dad purchased a garden nursery that was on a big lot.

I went exploring and found an old 
A older ladies wallet  that she left in a grocery cart, had $250 in it and her home address.. I was 
Bought a used car and found an actual Rolex in it. 

Called the guy and gave it back he had no idea.
Shitty marriages. 

"Goodbye to your sex life/money/whatever if you get married!" 

And all the "I h
Everyone seems to be covering all the more sensitive topics, so I'll just share a small pet peeve of
Jokes made at someone's expense make me uneasy. I have a friend that's doing pretty well right now, 
anorexia or eating disorders. so many people joke that they “wish they were anorexic” or “oh, i forg
Males being made fun for showing vunerablility, emotions, being scared, “acting feminine”, etc. Main
Rape as punishment. If you chuckle about dudes getting raped in prison you’re a fucking knuckledragg
I hate it when people make jokes about stupid midgets. They're not big and they're not clever.
rape or child sex abuse...those things are never funny to me in any context
Basically mocking rape victims. It's pretty bad to mock a female rape victim. But it's just as bad t
Abuse/Self harm/Suicide I’ve experienced these things and have used jokes to cope, but sometimes peo
Autism

It's fucking insensitive and uncalled for. People can't help the way they are born and using
Mental health issues like OCD.

The amount of times i still hear people say ‘oh i just have to do it
Cheating 
Gay jokes where the punchline is that someone's gay. Not only are they pretty lazy, they can be pret
I really don't like people joking about drink driving, as in, downplaying the seriousness of it. I f
Virginity.
jokes about how offended millenials are

>"did you just *assume* my gender" 

>"lol soyboy millenial
Jokes about suicide and depression. It just makes these problems seem to be of a smaller magnitude t
- Rape
- Domestic Abuse
- LGBTQ (just let them be. How hard is that?)
- Disabled People
- Your polit
"DOn'T AsSume My GenDer HaHAh omG are yOu TriGgeRrEd nOw??" 

It just really annoys me because, in t
Comedy should be free of ideology or taste so none . I DO hate it when jokes are lazy or done for a 
Trans people. Cause a lot of the time, they have no idea one is near them. 
Person in my school was always joking about what he did "back in 'nam" and spew some bullshit.
Something not having a barcode and the customers makes the comment, it's must be free then! 
My massive tits.
The sjw comedy routine by the youtube skeptics got old real quick. The sjws are a small minority and
Rape. Just never found it to be something to joke about. I know too many survivors to find mirth in 
Domestic violence
Kids with disabilities I have autism and have to siblings with severe mental/physical disabilities. 
I absolutely hate when people joke about those with mental or physical disabilities.
Race
Things beyond someone's control
I’m ok with most jokes.
How people say "bro, that's so gay". When there's a gay person like me nearby it really makes me fee
GRR Martin's death. I love me some dark humour, but there's two reasons I fucking hate idiots who jo
I saw a bit where Chelsey Handler jokes about Down syndrome people. Nope! 
Kevin Spacey and other creeps
cancer. my mum went through breast cancer when i was in year 12, and hearing people say things were 
Suicide and sexual assault/rape.
Usually jokes meant to be funny don’t bother me. As i’m white and refer to myself as a cracker. But 
Heroin
Penectomy. For a while there a man losing his dick was considered the height of slapstick comedy in 
Donald Trump jokes.  I'm sick of not being able to talk to anyone without politics/Donald Trump comi
\# Blacklivesmatter. Like if you're watching a YouTube video of say a lion hunting a gazelle or some
Something negative happening to someone else. I don’t care if (s)he annoyed you. Don’t wish/hope (s)
Sidney Crosby being a diver and a pussy. All the highlights of his diving werent even that bad, not 
9/11 jokes. I feel like a lot of people who make them at either too young to remember, or live too f
*I'll tip you in the app!* - Right ..... https://youtu.be/shNk1_oH6d4
“Weird” people. I hate it because everyone is weird in their own way. Joking about someone because t
Self-deprecating jokes at the cost of the entire group that they claim to represent

Speak for yours
Drugs
I do realize that most of what has been stated are serious issues. Even if I myself and people I dea
I won't bat an eye at most humor, but for some reason Michael J. Fox Parkinson's jokes always make m
The War of 1812 and literally nothing else
If the joke is funny, nothing at all. 
Autism jokes. It often gets so over the top while they don't even know what it is.
That Louis C.K. joke about the parkland shooting was not funny at all. I don't get offended easily b
Australia being upside down. 

It so fricken cringy as an Australian myself to hear this constantly.
I'm overly sensitive about Canadian Stereotypes.

We're not all Bob and Doug Mackensie, okay? I've n
Genocide. 
Kitchen/sandwich jokes. Super overdone and unfunny by now 
Child abuse - literally joking about defenseless victims. It's not that they're lazy or anything, it
I despise when people say ‘kill yourself’.

When I was a professional driver I also hated it when pe
Alcoholics.  It's hard enough being one, the punch-lines about a problem that few have and fewer und
Snowflakes. The way they change their voice when imitating complaining sensitive people is annoying 
Not that this is a joke, but whenever a hurricane is set to hit where i live and it misses people se
Myself
I hate it when people joke about anxiety and depression. How tf is that even funny? 
Kids with cancer and the Holocaust. Everything else is fair game I'd say.

Being offended
Women and my large genitals, i was born this way
Autism.

I mean some autism jokes are hilarious. But when it gets too far...
Politics.  I have family members on both ends of the spectrum, and at dinner gatherings, some of the
Being pregnant when they're really not/fake positive pregnancy tests. Once was really big on April F
Amy Schumer humour, it's not funny it's just disgusting hearing about how gross her bodily functions
[deleted]
As long as it's funny, I don't care.
Midgets.

I don't like hearing jokes about religion. Over the years I usually hear Christians (not all of you 
Nothing. Anything is fair game when it comes to comedy in my opinion. But I'm not one of those "oh m
Anything. Just anything. Any joke can be offensive to *somebody.*

I think there should be serious, 
Nothing.  Comedy is art. Nothing should be off the table.  Some jokes might be outside of my comfort
Nothing. Sticks and stones.
Death. Like it isn’t funny. I’ve noticed a trend in social media. People will comment stupid shit ab
nothing. free speech is a thing, especially in comedy as long as the intent is to make a joke and no
Nothing, because I can handle a joke.
So, after reading through all this, I've realized that redditors are easily offended by jokes, perio
My wife & I got a tube of lube confiscated from our toiletries bag while going through airport secur
When my son was about 3, we where on a bus and he asked at the top of his voice if the black guy sat
I'm the child in this one. 

I once had an almighty tantrum in a supermarket. In front of my mum's n
2018
First Christmas without mom. And working retail. 
Huge family secret getting out. other family members being dicks. feeling ignored by my boyfriend wh
A persistent death wish
My mother. She is so selfish, since Xmas wasn’t planned how she wanted it she acted like a child and
Pissed on my step cousins asshole :/
Why are questions like this still popping up. 2018 was in the past man! Live in the now 
My own incompetence 
no snow
My job. 
My in-laws.  
Those bitches at work. 
Depression
Work

But, I'm betting that 48 hours of overtime next payday will help me heal
A lot of the presents I ordered via online shopping arrived late. Also ate a lot of food and felt li
I got sick so i had to stay home instead of visiting family 
People asking stoopid questions...
The pollution of the ocean
Article 13
The fact were actively being distracted from the real issues by politics and the media
Housing crisis. 
Meeting the girl I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with
Was promoted to Manager in the restaurant I work at.
sweat
His pheromones
His sweat....and only *HIS* (my bf)
Bc everyone else stinks
Aqua di gio
Showered in fresh clothes with just a hint of sweat. Nothing smells better 
My Dick
There's this thing called "bread". Give it a try.
Knives
Bath water
Try putting in some water after turning it on..  Works wonders. 
Bread
Sliced bread
Bread? 
Sliced bread.
Not knives - https://youtu.be/IPoJtt3X5SA
poptarts for sure 
Toast
Not giant. Easily cleanable. Large garage. Not too many rooms. Secret rooms. A fallout shelter. Offi
Underground!

Ever see a Quonset hut? One of those sheet metal buildings that looks like a pipe half
With a bunch of secret passages and secret rooms. Also, comfy.
Mansions are tacky. 

Give me a castle. 
Hooker closets. Need i say more?
I'm torn apart between something simple, a small dome or pyramid with lots of gardens, or something 
A big fish tank in the floors with a shark would be pretty cool
Everything.  Wait, my left eye is good.
My foot.

Broke it in a karate tournament about 15 years ago.
Feet and back
Literally nothing rn I’m blessed
My chest
Better than Trump
PUTIN IS 'DA MAAANN' 
* in Russian*
Beaty eyed little fucktard
He’s a bad hombre.

I wouldn’t mind if the CIA or MI6 assassinated him. Russia needs some regime cha
Jackass whose going to get us all into WW3 no matter who is running the US or any other country. 
[deleted]
That no matter what happens life’s gonna go on and all the times that we spend thinking what others 
Showing and expressing emotions is ok, as long as you always remember to keep yourself in control. 
Fresh caught lobster cut in half and grilled with Jamaican rice, fresh veggies, and fried plantains.
I was invited over to a dinner by a co-worker. A little old Mexican lady who barely spoke English, b
Wagyu beef.
Gambas al ajillo 
Fajitas 
Seafood chowder
Jollof 
Pussy 
Lawyer+financial advisor, not randos on Reddit.
r/PersonalFinance
Marry your friend asap
Financial advisor before anything else.
Financial advisor, real estate (to invest in not to live in) and definitely invest a large amount wi
He needs to find a lawyer he trusts that can refer him to a financial planner/professional in those 
Get him a lawyer to discuss this with
Well I tell you what, I could totally use my car paid off if he is feeling charitable ;)
It really depends what kind of personality he has but a good start for anyone is to start a savings 
Put some of it in a bank and let the interest rack up. 
C&C Red Alert 2
Sonic Adventures 2
Pay Day
Star Trek Armada I and II. I want to see these games on gog.com.
Tap Tap Revenge
Sweet valley high the board game. 
Crimson Skies
Yard Djarts.  Full metal jacket, none of that plastic crap.  Metal foot-long darts you would throw i
Star wars Demolition 
Battlefield Vietnam 
Banjo Kazooie or Goemon's Great Adventure on N-64
Club penguin 😂😂
Pogs
There was a game at the arcade called "The Grid" that I used to play all the time until they removed
Naruto-arena I played it a lot as a kid and even got ranked 6th worldwide. I don't actually like Nar
Some half decent phone games
Blaster Master.  The original Final Fantasy.  Breath of Fire.  F-Zero.
Runescape. I know that OSRS is a thing, but it is not the same.
Freddi Fish, but I recently found it again and spent some time playing it. 
Spy Fox in Dry Cereal
I don't know if it actually doesn't exist anymore (my sis told me it doesn't) but backyard monsters
Rattus Down the Dunny
Bugdom for the old iMac.
MAG

Massive Action Game Q_Q
Twisted metal and battle realms
Startropics 2 zodas revenge
Wizards and warriors for the NES 
Phantasia4
Bishi Bashi! Can't even find it in arcades anymore.
Bearville from the Build-a-Bear Shop. I loved that website so much. It's one of the only F2P games t
Claw 2
Smackdown vs. raw 
Mall Madness! My sisters and I will still imitate the voice. “Sale at the. Card. ShoP. Sale at the F
Used to play Bosconian at my grandpa's house (he somehow owned the full-size arcade cabinet). It was
Ok. Showing my age here, but in the 80s we had handheld "Game & Watch" LCD games like these:

[https
Lord of The Rings: Conquest. It was basically Star Wars Battlefront 2 but with lotr. Can't find it a
freddie the fish
Garry's Mod. Before the v13 and toybox update. Back when addons were actually kind of difficult to i
Gex and Gex Enter the Gecko. I loved those games.
Wolfensteins castle

Mafia city of lost haven

Revolt

Wildlife park 2


*the four horsemen of the a
Kick the can
All the old barbie dot com games
Super Mario allstars, but not the snes version the remake for the wii that I guarantee no one knew e
I cant remember much of that game but it's a Internet browser game where you are a triangle and you 
Spy vs Spy for original Xbox. Played that shit for hours with my older cousins 
Morrowind. I think it’s played on Xbox? I don’t have an Xbox anymore, I’m tempted to buy one just so
Five stones. You'd have to be at least 65 to remember this game.

&#x200B;
3D Movie Maker. 

It was the best back then but probably would be super lame graphics now 
There was this rodent ownership game for the Nintendo DS. It was pretty damn cute, you mainly had ha
That pinball game on the computer
Minecraft Lite
Pepsi Man
Interstate 82
Bishi Bashi
D.B. Cooper
they still don’t know *I* did it
Jack the Ripper or Zodiac Killer
The zodiac killer for sure. He was a crafty one
Your death
Bible John. He picked up his victims from the barrowlands in Glasgow and he targeted women on their 
Remember when you thought this was going to be us? 
You may have put a ring on it. But I planted the seed first.


*drops mic*
*ahem* "you couldn't pay me enough to do this" then walk off stage
she’s not a virgin, take my word for it
Well ... (insert ex girlfriends name) do you remember when I always used to say 

"You'll never find
"Well, since most of the other exes she invited haven't bothered turning up, looks like it's down to
Experience. 

Your first hardship is gonna suck. But after the 10,000th one.. you pretty much know h
Find someone, anyone, that you can talk to and be there for others when they need to talk. I am a fi
Music, Guitar, isolation, introversion ..
Sitting in my bed feeling lonely
With a smile and to said "fuck it all" plus weed. 
Writing down three things I'm grateful for each day. It keeps you looking at the good things you hav
weed and other stuff
Music and alcohol mostly 
Alcohol.

But seriously, I figure life may be hard but death has a much more limited appeal. There i
CsGo Knife for 80$ , I regret it every damn day...
Not one item, but totaling around 700 euros on league of legends. I don’t play it anymore...
I bought an unusual on TF2 for $300. Do I regret? Hell nah because my younger brothers are jelly. 
Fallout 4 and all its DLC. Unfortunately I don't have a computer beefy enough to run it yet.
Made it pretty big in real estate in the sims
A csgo knife. Gut knife Doppler phase 2 to be exact. Costed me around $120.
I don't make big-time purchases, but I do spend roughly $140 a year on Kingdom of Loathing.
a roblox item i thought it was cool i bought many years ago. i dont even know how much real life mon
Forza Horizon 4 Ultimate. 100€. 
I bought Alto's Odyssey and Bridge Constructor Portal for 8 Australian dollars each. Both are really
Over the last 5 years I have probably spent over $1500 on a mobile card game
The "I am rich" app
The most expensive game was Doom when it was on steam sale, the most expensive collection was the al
Spectral tiger
I spent about £10 on the pink Taric LoL skin back in the day and spent several games walking around 
Realm and Faction Transfer World of Warcraft by Acti.... Blizzard.

Like £45+ a pop.

Ive done it ma
10000000000 V bucks. 
Astro A50s gaming headset for PC and XBOX
There was this game I played for a while called LOVE Nikki. It was pretty fun, and I loved all the o
A large group of people came in from a local office building. It seemed like it was probably a dare 
Though I’m not an artist, I get tattooed and lot and hang out with a lot of artists at their shops. 
Not an artist, but my ex husband was apprenticing at our city's most prestigious place.  

This scra
Not a tattoo artist but I did some interview pieces on tattoo artists and this was one of the questi
micro managing
Former boss, actually. I was her secretary, when she wasn't around I would take messages so I told h
No.

My wife would probably object.
Yeah. As long as theyre a decent human, I'm game. 
I dated a model who appeared in Zoo and Nuts magazine many times. 

We weren’t together long enough 
Yup why not
Guy here, and i would absolutely date a parn star. There attractive and most likely take care of the
If Jessy Jones was retired and available fuck yes. Cuz he's smokin hot and can fuck.
R. Kelly.
The Night Santa Went Crazy by Weird Al
[It has to be this one - a little piece of heaven by A7X](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVjBCT2Lc9
Panic room 
Kill Kim by EMINEM 
"I wanna slit your throat and fuck the wound."
My brother walked in on my ex and I fooling around one day. He stood there stunned as we had all the
The kind that feel the need to one-up everyone else
Non-stop talkers that are uncomfortable with quiet.

They demand your attention, even though they ha
Passive-aggressive adults. 
The self-obsessed.  Problem with having empathy is you feel compelled to listen.  Believe me, they t
Unsupportive romantic partners. You’re supposed to help with the weight on my shoulders not add to i
People who see themselves as victimes whatever topic you talk about, and just want to complain, not 
People who turn everyone else's drama into their own drama. Like if a family member or a friend is g
Anti-intellectuals. Like people who don’t understand vaccines or think that the earth is flat. I’ve 
People who constantly complain about a situation that can easily be changed but do nothing to try to
Neediness. I have a friend who is 40+ who is the type of person that expects all her friends to be B
Anti-vaxxers. I live with complications from having a vaccine-preventable disease I likely never wou
People who constantly pull you up for your own flaws, but the moment you point out their own flaws t
People that use their mental health issues as an excuse to treat others poorly and not have to apolo
Those that talk *way* too much. Its exhausting trying to keep up with the words flying out of their 
People who put politics in every conversation
boring people that love to talk
The ones who challenge your opinions on small things. I told a friend I couldn't see myself moving t
Excessively happy and chirpy to the point of appearing to be chip monks.  My resting bitch face come
Chronic complainers and conspiracy theory junkies.
Narcissists 
People who don't understand jokes 
People that take every single thing I say as an insult or dig at them. Tell them politely about a ha
my father, he shits on just about anyone successful. he always sees the bad in everything not the go
People you can't argue with because the reject every argument.
People who only get in touch when it's convenient for them.
Overly loud people. Especially when there is no reason to be. Inside voices asshole
All of them.

I'm incredibly introverted.
The type that are hyper-critical of everything. I've learned to not give a fuck what people think of
People who aggresively change the subject in order to force their polarizing opinions and beliefs in
People who are deliberately obtuse just to get an argument out of you.
Know-it-alls 
The people who deliberately vote against their own interests (and everybody else's) out of some perv
Entitled people/customers. You do not deserve more and you are not better or more important than oth
People who only talk about negative things. They may not even seem negative themselves, but they'll 
To be honest? People with borderline personality disorder. They aren't bad people.
People who haven’t learned how to thrive as a single person.  There will never be a shortage of sob 
The attention seeking friend who is always "depressed"- not real depression but like "1 Direction br
People who overcomplicate and overpoliticize everything in the workplace. 
This is kind of difficult to place.

People who give feedback just based on their own feelings and e
People that are codependent and needy. I’m pretty independent and comfortable doing anything alone, 
Fake people
People who dont stop talking

People who are "dry texters" 

People who repeat themselves, at all. I
Liars. People that don’t own up to a mistake
Adults who look down on younger people simply for their age. I can’t control when I was born, fuck y
Those who talk very loud and screams in a high pitched tone for no apparent reason. I've been in tro
Most people drain me. 

Anti-intellectuals and bubbly people in particular are emotional vampires to
Toxic players in video games, even more when they are on my team.. Like some people come home tired 
All of them, apparently.
 Needy people are the worst. 
Negative, skeptical people who don't have e a good word to say about anything and constantly complai
People who actually talk over you. I tested it one day, to see how long... I didn't speak for like t
Students who need a therapist more than a teacher.

Parents who want a babysitter rather than a teac
Weirdos. I never knew how many people were just crazy until I started working. Like people just do t
The really, really nice people who are also socially awkward with no barrier. They're super nice so 
My dad
People uncomfortable with quiet and aggressively obvious attention seekers.
People who force their opinions on people and gatekeepers.
people who like to feel superior to others. specifically people who think their interests or lack of
People who talk or type with grammar mistakes. I few years ago I started eliminating the word "like"
I'm the "therapist friend." And I've had *many* people in my life come to me for advice who would co
everyone that boils all their problems down to "it's the government, man".

All the while I'm thinki
People who talk a lot and people who move a lot. If someone is super chatty it completely drains me.
People who act like they know everything. People who refuse to admit they are wrong. People who thin
people who talk about their issues and seemingly create their identity around the issues
People like myself 
myself
People who genuinely believe that catapults are the superior siege engine.
At this point all social interaction drains my energy
People who ask dumb questions.
Suburban moms with "perfect gifted kids" 

you know the ones. we see them on r/insanepeoplefacebook 
[deleted]
Only the living ones.
There absolutely is an element of skill with it.  It’s like the old “10,000 hours of practice...”
Overly condescending people.
Nursing students who love to gossip. 
Myself
Live ones. 
People that stop your entire class from progressing because they don't listen when the teacher expla
Anyone close  minded
Costumers 
what type do not is a better question

The people that make absolutely no sense when arguing with you.

\*My younger brother coming in to w
People that think that being young, gay and bitchy is a personality.

You’re good for a cheap laugh 
People who know the world is fucked. 

Me and my brothers and cousins have these terribly long despe
Adults who never learned how to stand up for themselves. There’s a HUGE, VERY FINE line between bein
people who drone on about one-upping and similar such buzzwords
Arrogant ones. Considering the most arrogant people I meet are also the most ignorant, it can be tax
People. 
Most types
People people
People who talk a lot, people who are 'super positive' about everything, people who like Justin Trud
The kind of people who see their point of view to be right and everybody else’s to be wrong and igno
People who have already made up their minds before they were presented with the facts.
People who always want it their way or don’t really stop to consider your line of thinking, but just
People with cluster B personality disorders. 
People who ask for the world from others but refuse to give anything themselves

People who don't kn
Everyone
People who can't hold a conversation to save their lives. I didn't put myself in a social situation 
As someone who gets depressed, I get very emotionally drained from other people who are depressed. E
Those with feelings 
People that never admit that they're wrong 
R/choosingbeggars
the ones who judge me for everything I do
People that go out of their way to cause drama and unrest between people, especially when they've ne
Non-stop negativity. Always dramatic.
Thick people. Now when I say Thick, I mean a specific kind of stupid. Not anti-intellectuals, I disl
People who talk about either their worst problems or the best things about their lives, never allowi
Narcissistic, self-centred, egoistic people. Basically everyone who only cares about themselves and 
Every type of people unfortunately. 
CONSTANTLY "'Im not supposed to have this' -10 minutes later- suffering consequences" type people. 

People that like to make a big deal out of everything and argue about irrelevant shit. 

I have an a
People who _________.
Redditors
Those who feel that you don't spend enough time with them or check on them on an almost daily basis.
“My life is so hard”, “whoa is me” types of people. We all have stresses, Susan. Yours isn’t anymore
White people who start conversations with me asking, “So, where are you from? No, where are you *rea
Memers who constantly meme and have no identity outside of random cultural references people will in
I had a friend who asked me for favours all the time. It got to the point where any conversation cou
Couples who are very touchy feely. There’s something about hand-holding and giggling that makes me w
Cringey kids. Like the ones desperate for friends or attention and try to talk to you when it's clea
Giggly drunks
Complainers and people who always make the conversation about themselves. 
My mother
The ones that are 
People that don’t try to have a two-way conversation. I admit I’m a bit of a narcissist, but I try t
People whose only personality trait is snarky asshole.

People who are never pleased with anyone or 
People with no filter. When you call them out for being rude, they always use that excuse to get out
Depressed people. (Sorry. Kinda.)
My emotions are drained
Folks who don't get sarcasm, people with too many assumptions, people who think they have the entire
I used to hang around with someone who just lied insessantly.

Hed tell the same story multiple time
People, in general. 
Live ones, dead ones are pretty draining too. Guess people just drain me.
Super chirpy attention-seekers. I doubt I could stay in the same room as Jim Carrey for longer than 
Hypocrites.

Because they are basically disagreeing with themselves but are so God damn self assured
People who are desperate for approval. I feel like every second of the conversation I'm being nonver
People who will whine and moan about their life problems, which are usually a product of their own d
People named "Robbie".
Anyone who wants to leave the house.

&#x200B;

Or the "Popular" people at school.
all of them. 
I'm a good listener so if someone really unloads their shit on me and don't want to listen a bit in 
Passive-aggressive men
People
All of them.
Compulsive Liars like my girlfriend 
All of them 
The kind that exist in proximity of me. 
The breathing kind.

I'm an introvert.
Humans.
Pessimists  
people who use dry sarcasm. i just don’t understand it and feel the need to smile so i don’t a) look
Bonkers
Chewbarcca
Cornelius 
Dog mcdoggy
Chungus, BOY! This is getting to be a great list already!
Niles or miles
Cheddar, Peanut, Porkchop. I’m sorry I just find food names to be adorable lol 
Chucky 
Fucker
Zeke.
Nicolas Flamel
cause i dident put any up
Less effort for next year
I was about to but then I got high.
I'll get to it, ok?
Husband had always requested that his mother keep them up till his birthday, and now I get to carry 
Because yesterday was the 12th day of Christmas, so I will be taking them down today.
12 days of Christmas is just ending! So I'll take them down in the next couple of days.
Be claus I got high
Because we all have flu.
Because I didn't put them at first place
YouTube. 
Shane Dawson

He was pretty cool with the conspiracy theories and fatal carnival ride videos and fun
FPS Russian, but that’s mainly due to the fact that he’s in prison. 
Smosh without a doubt 
Jenna Marbles
Call your family. I'm sure they'll be pleasantly surprised.
By reminding myself it would take but a half-hour around my family for me to get my fill, and any vi
FaceTime and making new friends. Making new friends makes a huge impact on that. 


Alcohol and bad decisions when sending texts.
It happened to me long time ago. Man, it hurt so bad. Call your parent/grand, say whatever. I think 
It helps me to talk about it.
Buddy at work spent 20,000$ on his dogs. Dogs alone costed like 4000+ for two dogs then he spent a b
Our dog that adopted us was pretty sick when we got him.  First month total was about $750.  
Not me, but my dads girlfriend used to spend like 2000€ on dogs just to buy them. So no toys or food
My 8 year old mini pinscher developed diabetes and went blind from it. We had to get his eye lenses 
It’s a long story... but I ended up paying $1,700 for dental work on my dog. I think that’s more tha
Nope. I regret them all equally. Seriously though-not so much a favorite but I love each of them dif
I adore our neighbors son Jim.  Good kid.
yea, the one who actually helps around the house without me having to say something. 
My mom has told me in secrecy I'm her favorite. I guess it's because I'm the only daughter and we ar
No, I love them both equally and can’t imagine choosing one over the other. 
Unfortunately yes, my oldest is my favorite. He was my big chunk, my golden boy, compared to his sis
Seems that my brother was my mom's favorite.   
It doesn't bother me too much, but when I talk about
Probably cheat 
Murder carrot Top 
Not being me.
[deleted]
A blonde women who never say hello or goodbye to me. People in small town are weird.
The lady at the store by my house. She doesn't speak English, and the prices are never the same. She
I stopped going to a local gas station after having an odd encounter at 3 AM with a gas station cash
Carlos
She's from India and is way, WAY too friendly.

"Hello, sir how are you?  Where do you work?  Where 
I miss the N64. Those games were always my favs.
I miss the ps2 SO MANY good games and good times had
The original Xbox, what a time...
Gamecube, i used to play pokemon gale of darkness and I god damn loved it
Wii. Those motion controls seemed so revolutionary back then
Not really a console, but i miss my Amiga
The excitement that came with owning a NES when it was brand new. 
Gamecast
PS2

you had games like jac and daxter, ratchet and clank

and then you had all the PS1 games as wel
My husband still talks about the Dreamcast. 
Sega handheld
I still have my N64. I occasionally bust it out and play Mario Party 2 with my friends.
My N64 also. Zelda ocarina of time, and 007 golden eye dominated most of my childhood.
I'd say the SNES instead of the 64 because that first jump in technology was special in a unique way
Dreamcast.....skies of Arcadia 
no homo
“Let us cross over the river and rest under the shade of the trees”- Thomas J. “Stonewall” Jackson
voltaire's last words were "now this isn't the time to be making enemies" when asked to renounce sat
Walt Disney wrote the name "Kurt Russell" on a piece of paper.     Russell was a child actor at the 
Someone famous must have said "OK, one more won't hurt."
The baby’s skull is made of plates that slide under one another when passing through the birth canal
Poop happens. The nurse literally massaged poop out of my wife before the birth. 
That she might die
If I'd known how long I would have to go without a meal in the hospital I'd have eaten beforehand.
The amount of blood that there is for a natural birth. I mean it shouldn't have been a surprise but 
You cannot express with words the feeling you will feel when you hear your baby cry for the first ti
Not to ask if we could hit a drive- thru, after her water broke on the way to the hospital.  She rep
That the gas and air gives you a very dry mouth, take water with you befor the fun starts 
Pulling out is way more effective than the media and society pretends
That she was pregnant
That there will a loss in the mom’s eyes for the pregnancy.  As in, she will grieve not being pregna
That u would b so ugly when u came out.
Sub question: why the hell would you want to/did your partner let you watch the process? 
because i don't want to be
Not interesting enough, I'm afraid.
I'm in the witness protection program.
Cause i'm lazy af
Money.
gimme a second
I mean I am sure I don’t have the talents to be famous, but in ever aspired to be either. 
Have a face for radio and a voice for Nosferatu.
Lack of marketable skills
i don't like the spotlight.
Well, I'm 14... And not really interested in being famous (though I would like to publish a novel so
I have no wish to be famous for the sake of being famous, and don't understand why anyone wants to b
I am not famous because I haven't left my comfort zone yet.
Because I’ve realized that I’m not as interesting or as unique as I thought I was ten years ago. Jus
Generally being famous requires luck more than anything else
Cause I don’t wanna be 
I'm not white
Happy meal toys from McDonalds. Used to get awesome hot wheels cars and other toys that would last a
Jobs with benefits and health care. 
McDonald's pies, when *years ago they stupidly switched from fried to baked ones. I'm glad Popeye's 
Video games. When you bought a game in the past, it would be complete, polished, and well-tested. No
Books, some of the first ones were made from human skin.
Cars you could tell apart.
Calanders from the previous year
Asbestos-lined insulation. 
American made appliances. Anything American tbh.
Humans with a sense of humor and lightheartedness 
Food.

The stuff regular people eat - not restaurant food or rich people food.

The kind of stuff we
Backbones. Everyone's replaced theirs with *offended* or *triggered.*
Kid's toys used to be made out of metal.
Tools
Cracker Jacks. Legends say, a box once contained more than two peanuts. 
The DEC VT-100 keyboard was top-rack dishwasher safe.
Bananas used to be a species called Gros-michel. Apparently much sweeter than the Cavendish (current
a vacant slot for a job no matter your skillset
Can openers. They make everything metal EXCEPT the piece that takes the most tension/force. Nah, let
Music
Appliances
Microwaves and dishwashers
Condoms are no longer just animal skin/whatever that wraps your Peter like bacon on a hotdog. Don't 
Walmart skateboards
Firm handshakes and your word is your bond
Memes
EVERYTHING
Yowie chocolates. They sold out, and taste like absolute shit.
Dudley locks (their combination locks). They seemed like top quality back when I used them in school
Houses. Everything’s cookie cutter, crap materials, ugly as sin with no character or imagination. An
Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.  They used to be bigger and not filled with a chalky excuse for peanut b
Apple products
Thermonuclear weapons
Games by Bethesda
Humans
Transformers. Back in the day beast wars figures  were such solid and sturdy toys you could actually
Cadbury chocolate in general,  but mini eggs disappoint me the most now.  
Cadbury’s chocolate 
Gas refrigerators.
Telephones.
Music
McDonald's fries
Comedies. Every comedy now starts off super funny before having that dark / real / sentimental mood 
Aquaducts
Jeans. They used to be super rugged and durable and a pair would last you for years. Now manufacturi
Kids
When the mentally ill, where mentally ill, instead of gendershittery.

Sexual orientation is not the
My friend got banned from /r/socialism for criticizing a post that had nothing to do with socialism 
Never buy a wild caught or farming, always captive born. Wild caught are full of parasites, plus it'
1. Do not purchase a reptile from a big box pet store! Go to a reputable breeder. 
2. If any toes ar
Do as much research as possible and once you have done all you can do some more. Nothing is worse th
I asked my mom for Super Mario All Stars on the Super Nintendo for my 8th or 9th birthday. She had n
When I was in 4th grade, my mother insisted helping with my homework for some reason. I was always a
Finally a story I can tell. Every Friday my mother goes grocery shopping. It’s a block away and she 
My mom broke into my dad's house with a gun. Pooped her pants while in the house and left the shitty
My dad crashed his car at 8am, on his way to work, because he was surprised at a naked woman streaki
This week. My father insisted that there is a gay vaccine.
My dad doesn't believe in carbon monoxide poisoning. My mom can't use the decimal point on a calcula
In high school, grades were posted online. Dad wanted to check how poorly I was doing. I told him th
Years ago I was building a potato cannon, which my father was uninterested in thinking it was just s
My dad is anti-vax and a flat earther, he thinks he's very smart (good example of dunning Kruger eff
When they gave my college fund to a preacher so he could send bibles to Nicaragua
My parents got hit by the second Microsoft tech support scam this week
My mom asked whether World War I or II came first.
Step-dad sees one of those tear-jerker commercials about starving children in Africa; proceeds to ra
My mom wanted to drive to the new Google office building to complain about her Yahoo email account. 
My parents made me take piano lessons since I was 9. When I told them I wanted to be a professional 
My parents are well educated, but this was one of the stupidest things I've seen them do. I was in t
When my mom said she just couldn't figure out why my aunt didn't like her after my mom borrowed $100
When she was fully convinced that the country of Mexico was made the 51st state of the USA in the 60
When my father wouldn’t allow us to get internet because “they didn’t need it when he was a kid”. I 
My mom got a large inheritance, used it to remodel her house she hadn’t paid off then took a line of
My mom thought horses were born with horseshoes on
My dad insists MLMs are worthy investments and genuinely believes the whole family has ESP. 
Born in a Korean family. When my parents told me that fans would suck the life force out of me, even
My mom got mad at me for getting a flu shot. Because the government uses them to track and poison pe
Dad introduces me to someone I've never met.

Dad: Do you recognize this person?

Me (24 years old):
I was at dinner with my parents when my mom started feeling really unwell. We took her to the emerge
My dad thinks credit cards are free money that you don’t have to pay back. Yeah. 

When I finally got the nerve up to confront my biological mother that her husband molested me, her r
My mom calls me 45 times during work, even when I told her I am too busy to even drink water and I p
When my parents just got through complaining they couldn’t afford basics. Then my mother went and bo
My mother is the living embodiment of the phrase “I reject your reality and substitute it with own”.
My parents are hardcore Catholics. One year, during Ash Wednesday (the first day of Lent), my mom ca
When my mom heard that drinking a glass of red wine a day is good for you, she poured my dad a full 
Mom “learned” from some place that cancer can’t survive in acidic environments. So, to prevent cance
My dad once told me he had pancreatic cancer. I asked "What stage?" He said stage 3. I was devastate
I wasn’t vaccinated so I mean...
When I was about 14 my dad told me that drinking your own pee everyday is healthy for you. Like how?
One night my dad went to the McDonald's drive thru and spent a solid 3ish minutes talking to the tra
Trying to explain the difference between Wifi and LTE to my mother in order to save her from data ov
My dads profile pick on FB was the pedobear. After the 7th or so time explaining it to him what it w
My Dad sprays WD-40 on his elbow to loosen it up.  All I can do is shake my head.
When my father went on Facebook and explained all about how the earth is flat. My grandfather actual
My (foster) mom doesn’t believe in depression and thinks I’m addicted to my antidepressants.

She ca
My dad texted me recently to let me know that this is the only year where your age plus the year you
When my aerospace engineer dad refused to shake my friend's dad's hand because the man was black. An
When my mother robbed a bank and tried to buy the getaway car with inked stained notes at a used car
When I quoted "The Wealth of Nations" to my father and he told me to stop with the "Communist Bullsh
When my mom called science the enemy of God.
My mom decided that she was going to move to teach in Saudi Arabia. She's a single woman. She recent
My dad ate baby shower favors made of soap that he thought was molded chocolate. Twice. 

Edit: holy
My mom drove to my apartment because the radio in her car wasn’t working.  She was sure there was so
Every time I watch a movie with my mom and she says, “who’s that?” or “what’s going on?”

Mom... I’m
When my dad set the house on fire by microwaving a Christmas pudding covered in plastic 
My mom always preaches about how nobody should receive financial assistance and you have to work if 
Not my mom, but mom of my college girlfriend. She was from Bible Belt Indiana, I'm Latino from Chica
My mother left an abusive man who beat the shit out of us for around a decade. She promised that nig
This one is double sided because it simultaneously showcased how smart and dumb my dad is. 

Basical
Not my parents, but one of my dad's cousins was talking to us about how her daughter and her son-in-
It's my in laws who I often question. I think they gave all their intelligence to my husband. They'r
When my mom thought the US was the largest country in the world... We're Canadian. 
My dad thought the sun orbited around the earth until I enlightened him.

Dad: (separate convo blah 
My mom borrowed $2000 from me so she could get started in some MLM bullshit. Like a dumbass, I gave 
When I first starting to use tampons, it became clear that my mom thought that women only had one ho
They question vaccines and discouraged me from going to college. Im terminally stupid for listening 
My mom and dad brought me home from the hospital while i was still on morphine from an ovarian cyst 
My cousin showed me and my mom a picture of himself standing on the Great Wall while he was a foreig
Everytime I text my mom and she gets confused over a simple two sentence statement. 

For example: 

After twenty years teaching, they still don't know how to operate the TV remote.
My mom was once honestly shocked she was able to see the stealth bomber plane as it flew over a spor
When she didn’t vaccinate me against meningitis or Tdap, which is super epic.

EDIT: Found out that 
My mom is fine. My dad's a mess... Can never remember which type of diabetes he has. The mans 5'8" a
When I was a young kid in Elementary school we did a family genealogy project. My mom told me that w
My parents have a tendency to never change their incorrect opinions even in the face of facts. Some 
I got into an argument with my mom because I had listed being an organ donor on my driver's license.
Terminally stupid is a bit harsh, but my mother is just too gullible and gets most of her info from 
My dad once claimed my boyfriend had never been to his house. Whom I dated all of high school (still
ETA: This post blew up, and a lot of people had a lot of questions about what the fuck it's really l
In my teens I recall one of my uncle's saying my dad was a fucking idiot. Didn't know what to think 
My parents don’t believe in climate change because “God wouldn’t harm his own creation”. ‘nough said
My dad is very stupid, but he hides it by lying and acting as if he knows everything. It's very path
When my mom got in a vicious argument with my third grade sister about how Columbus discovered Ameri
When my dad was convinced men have one less rib than women becuase of a bible story. I was pretty in
My dad thought that only humans have brains 
My mother was resisting mobile phones for a very long time, but eventually she gave in, and got one.
When my mom believed this documentary on a guy who said he used photosynthesis to eat and doesn’t ea
When it comes to insurance my dad is always wrong. He wanted me to buy $1800 on defective warranty f
When my dad bit and tried to eat an orange peel because we were to far from the car and he didn't fe
I was filling my mom's OkCupid profile after my parents divorced. I asked her one of the first quest
-My mother FIRMLY believes sunscreen is the cause of skin cancer, and if you wear it and go out into
Wouldn’t say stupid, but more lacking in common sense.

When I was younger, my parents constantly kn
My dad changed the locks to the house, leaving my mom and I homeless when I was 6. 
Divorce blah bla
My mom wanted to replace and image in an email so she 1. copied the new image 2. copied the old imag
When my dad bought over $1000 worth of fake electronics from some random guy outside of Walmart.

It
I've scanned this thread and concluded neither of my boys have posted in this thread.

I'm sad they 
I was 18, my buddy Jeremie worked with me and came over for Thanksgiving dinner with my family, as h
My parents are in a cult and they don’t even fucking realize it...
Haha, she slept with the actual guy who came to clean the carpet. And she was very much married to m
When she asked me “I wonder if birds know how to swim? What about them birds that are brown & float 
I'm late to this but my grandma once emailed my brother and I to come to her house because the remot
When mother wouldn’t let me go to the movies because there’s “demons” that reside there.
You know why car companies put seat belts in cars? Not because they're safe. It's so they can pass i
When my mum first started aiding my brother’s alcoholism instead of actively and affectively trying 
My parents were/are both pretty smart, just uneducated.  Mom graduated high school after she already
My father is an alcoholic and did stuff like light off firecrackers in his closed fist.. 
When I was
When she forgot me at baseball practice when I was 6. Not was a little late, or broken down on the w
Went to SE Asia over a year ago and just wanted to make sure I had all my jabs etc. Went to the doct
I love my father and he is a gem to this planet. ( but terminally stupid) He is a 50 year old raspy 
Last night my mom got mad at me because I said lie detectors don't work.
When my Mom didn't know that dinosaurs died out 65 million years ago. She thought it was a few thous
My mother tried to light a grill with gasoline. 
My dad thinks the government buries dinosaur bones so they can find them and and make money off them
My friend’s dad...

Their dog died, she strangled herself on her own chain. The chain was attached t
i don't know what the implications are but today my mom knocked on my door at 1:30 in the morning, i
When my father cussed me out when I was 5 years old because he lost his work on the computer.  The r
When my mom’s husband argued that there are indeed eggs in ice cream because “there are eggs in milk
I have suffered repeatedly with depression (it comes and goes honestly. I think it’s coming back but
When they told me that they should have "hitted me more while growing up" to stop me from getting de
When I've been isolated and following orders for over 20 years and both parents *still* think I am d
I'm sitting in a full restaurant with my parents and brother in law. My parents are the sterotypical
My MIL used to freak the f out when we gave our kids citrus and milk because she said it would curdl
For my mom: When my she left my dad for the next door neighbor, who was also married. I was only abo
My well-meaning mother advised me to “date a bad boy because he might change for me.”

Please don’t 
My mom never cooked food for her kids, she just bought a whole bunch of snacks and junk that were re
My mom refused to understand that moving in with her wouldn't solve my money problems. It would put 
My dad sank over $20,000 into learning how to trade stocks. We are in a massive amount of debt and h
Came home one night a little late and my mom said “what kind of daughter is this? You just follow yo
Whilst in university I was on the phone with my father one day, and said I had to get to school earl
When my mom called me over to look at her new computer because it was “just as slow as the last one!
When my dad kept smoking despite his father dying of lung cancer. Same with my mom.
Not necessarily my parents, but my uncle is returning his new iPhone because he says the facial reco
I was about four and really into using new words I had learned on TV or in books, so I excitedly use
Got into essential oils. Jesus Christ.
When my mom teased my dad by saying “haha you’re 40 now, you’re going to have to get your prostate e
Real quote from my mother: "Why are they called suicide bombers if they keep doing it?"
About 10 years ago I was 23, living with my long term boyfriend in an apartment without laundry faci
I work in a large DIY store with no security and I can tell you a lot gets stolen daily. There has b
Make sure I understand the situation before I open the door. Better safe than dead by stab wounds.
Crack the door to confirm I'm not about to hear about my Lord and savior, Jesus Christ. 
Throw them a rope from the second story and yell, "quick grab it, grab it!"  When they did I'd pull 
The two times this happened, i opened the door and helped.

First time it was a guy who got stabbed 
*que meme of Sandra Bullock blindfolded in birdbox*
Help them, but be cautious and on guard.
I would absolutely lend a hand. Cold and raining? Make them some tea or coffee. 

Broken car? Help f
Gods, this world is fucked. Obvious distress, right? You help them! Clearly. 
I wouldn't open the door, it could be a set up for other guys to come in and rob my stuff
I had that happen before Christmas. Bf was trying to run her down with his car. Spent hours trying t
Assuming obvious distress is more than “excuse me, I could use a hand”, I’d call 911 and be obviousl
I'm calling the cops for them. They can't come in. It sounds fucked up but I can't chance it. I have
Open the door because I have a death wish.

If they have malicious intent, hooray for me!

If they h
Not open the door.
I make them empty Eveything from their pockets to make sure they don't have anything dangerous. Then
Good God, the media has you people scared of the unknown.

You help them out.

I hate the whole "str
i have a special room in my house for situations like this with a metal door and concrete walls, the
help them? look out for any red flags
In this city? Where you hear drunken whoops at 2 in the afternoon? Hell no, I'll be armed.
Ask what is wrong and go from there. 
Let them in and tell them, "I'm calling 911."

Someone needing help would be okay with this, and I'd
Depends on what they asked if me.
Help them. I always answer the door with my CCW holstered so if it's a ruse it better be a damn good
yes cause I got used to it
Yes and no. 

Yes because now I can work toward my promotion with complete focus and not get an “oh.
Yes because at my age I couldn't really care to be in a relationship right now. I'll run into one so
Honestly, yeah. The thought comes along once in a while about how it would be nice to be with so-and
Yes. All the needless discussions or things you kinda have to share does not stand against doing wha
No. I’m bored and sex deprived. 
Yes and no. While it's nice to have free time to yourself and I can't help feeling that I want somet
No, i need to find my other half. 
Yes. Having someone toxic in your life for seven years makes getting laid seem less urgent. Keep the
I would rather be in a healthy, fulfilling relationship but that doesn't seem to be in the cards for
Nice try, Carlos Mencia 
What's the best thing about Switzerland? - I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
I accidentally turned the microwave on without my food inside, and when my Mom walked by she said "W
Long Joke - From Burnie Burns and it's two jokes that I think are both the funniest I've heard in a 
Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer? Ja! Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!
I'd tell you, but it's a UDP joke, so I'm not sure you'd get it.
The one about me getting promoted
What's the difference between a duck?

One leg is both the same!
How long is a Chinese name.
How do you get a nun pregnant?

Get the altar boy to fart in her pussy
Make sure you smell nice and don't just say yes because you're lonely. 
Always have a few simple recipes memorized that you can whip out in a pinch. 
Don't 'date', make friends instead and someday one of those will turn into a relationship.
Don’t point out your insecurities. They don’t need to know that you hate your nose, or think that yo
Depends on a lot of stuff, but i never dress up anymore, i dont dress up anything. What i say, what 
Watch out for 'serial daters' - these are people who just enjoy dating one person after another. The
Don't judge everyone as possible future spouses, simply find out if you enjoy spending time with the
Be vulnerable - Mark Manson definition
Good communication is key
For a guy going on dates with women;

Learn how to communicate effectively - talk and ACTIVELY LISTE
When someone says they aren't interested in pursuing anything, respect their wishes. That way they w
Watch out for people who keep asking about your car, grades, home, job et cetera. They're just tryin
Watch out for people who are dating you to make someone else jealous, even if this is only on social
My husband and I share a bed now, but for most of our marriage we slept in two beds pushed together 
Not me, but my parents haven't slept in the same bed for as long as I can remember. My father snores
My parents don’t sleep in the same bed and I hate it. Nobody, including my mom knows why my dad woul
Me and my husband been sleeping separately for almost 10 years and it works out great for us. We bot
I tried this once with a partner. One, it is really inefficient. Two, it kind of kills intimacy. The
I kick and I have really sharp toenails and I snore and I wear a CPAP mask and I toss and turn to th
Why would you sleep in different beds?
Westerners love Jackie Chan, but his native Hong Kong knows him for the scumbag he really is.
I was always under the impression that damme was an ass in real life.  I tune him out on sight.  
We also agreed Guy Fiere would be on the list for chefs. I'm a poetry nerd and put Billy Collins on.
Obama, regarding the general public and politicians.

Marx, regarding the general public and economi
Jordan Peterson. 
Donald Trum... Oh we know it's no longer a majority behind him.
Little Black Submarines - The Black Keys
I think the foo fighters can still churn out a good track or two 
Paul McCartney's Egypt Station album 
I'll Stick Around - The Foo Fighters 
I feel like this presupposes that there will never be another truly great rock song. Which... I can 
"the one moment"

Look at this guy over here with only one life-fucking moment. 
My calculator was in radians when the test was in degrees
Choosing to live with one aunt over the other aunt. It led to about 8 years of her gas lighting me d
I wanted to take accounting and cybersecurity at college, my parents wanted me to take history and p
When I commented on this when there were no other comments
I was arguing with my friend about how we read. We argued about if we read left to right or right to
Ooh I have a good one. So I did well in high school- great grades, captain of a couple varsity sport
High School !!! can I get an Amen?

&#x200B;

lol, like 10 years late
I honestly cannot understand, if every generation ends up demonizing the one after it, how they can'
The confidence in a better personal future
Why they don't seem to be in the middle of politeness. Either they're complete jerks or the nicest p
Why must you monitor everything I do more than the fbi
$2.00
I’ve expect nothing. My job splits tips between chefs and front of house alike, so what I see is abo
Honestly, I don't expect anything. That way, when I do get a tip it feels awesome
Not a waiter, but usually on a bill under $15 I tip 50-100% The smaller the bill the larger the perc
I’m following this thread because I always wonder the same thing since I dine out alone often.
$69
Stairs in the forest
What's "sweethearts" ?
Yes, hasn't been perfect of course, but he's incredible to me. Since 1992. And not really. I mean, i
Didnt work out.  Dated from age 16-20.  I left her.  Shes 24 and now shes getting married to some gu
Idk not really "high-school sweethearts" yet but been together for two years and still goin strong, 
I’m not exactly a proper streamer or anything but I guess it still counts, so basically I was doing 
I stream occasionally and one time during one an unlit candle fell off of my dresser and since I jus
[Definitely this.](https://clips.twitch.tv/TawdryOnerousGerbilNerfRedBlaster)
[deleted]
Cutting ur nasal hair with sharpner
Probably the weirdest thing my classmates saw was me...

I had fainted whilst sat at the desk in cla
People having sex
There was a lot of them but back when I was 15 I came to school a little bit late. My first lesson w
Someone once picked up a desk and threw it around out of rage, the corner of the desk broke off. It 
some kid put his legs behind his head, started jerking off and the teacher continued teaching. prope
Do you know that correction fluid is HIGHLY flammable? Apparently my classmates didn't know this and
Dude who was always barefoot , didn’t believe in shoes, until a professor finally told him to cut it
People chewing on raccoon dicks. 
This girls butt crack. It was highly unpleasant. 
Teacher left class for couple of minutes, dude saw bucket in corner, dude went to it, peed (how does
My virginity. I'm going to protect it with all my power.
My guitar. 
My 2 inch punisher 
I don't think of them this way, but the law does, so... My dogs! I could rave about their fuzzy litt
My PC or my cat
I have a 2004 Wisconsin state quarter with the die error high leaf.

Before the economy crashed it w
 Words are....words are, you know, *good*.
Talk to them about ***them***. Ask them questions etc. You’d be amazed how easy it is to get people 
Find something in common?
Hab u seen a alien pls
I just listen to the group and if they say something I can add to I chime in.
Improvise always, make their jokes better, augment, dont interrupt
So what are your thought on forks?
Ask how they know the friend that’s mutual (if any) 
Where do you work/study? 

Music is always a go
Hey, you. You're finally awake. You were trying to cross the border,
right? Walked right into that I
Ask someone what they do for a living, ask someone about hobbies, pretty much anything about them. I
Start the convo with "hey, want to see my third nipple?" Then everyone will talk to you. Can confirm
Ask them mundane things about their life - how was Christmas, are you going on holiday, how're the k
So....mmmmm..... hey... what do you guys do for a living. (Awkward looks).
Hi, my name is..., what's yours?  Then ask them to say something about themselves, then you say some
Use the FOR model of small talk. Ask people about their family, occupation, or recreation activities
How’s your day going so far? What have you been up to today?
Ask a question they can all answer, or start with a story.

"Has any of you seen (whatever movie)? A
If I live in 1600's I will have no access to Nacho Cheese flavor
A poor man today can live more comfortably than a rich man in the 1600s. 
Poor in western country today. I’m pretty sure the plague was still kind of around at that point. No
Ouch to all non westerners 
If I could be a rich man in 17th century Japan, I’d be in pretty good shape. 
I'm going to choose poor and modern seeing as simple medical problems that could be solved or preven
If I lived in the 1600s I'd be dead now so I'll go with poor man living today.
You couldn't pay me enough to give up video games forever.
Poor man today, more amenities
Did they have good weed back then ? Thats my only stipulation.
Poor man today. 

Many of the common everyday things today was only reserved/ could be afforded by t
Rich in the 1600s. Investments and inflation would take it's course.
Being poor in a western country today equals to being a rich in the 1600’s 
If anything that's the best argument against intelligent design that I've ever heard
Multitasking
God is a bad engineer.
Reproduction of humans is a waste. 
Birds and reptiles have a better reproductive process than us imo
It smells, therefore you keep it hidden away, therefore it doesn't get damaged. Simples.
Both systems are sensitive. It’s the safest place for them. 
There was already a hole there 
As Neil deGrasse Tyson once said (paraphrasing) *"no engineer would ever put an entertainment system
Maybe...maybe coz its icky bicky & you would keep that part covered mostly so better if its one?
Most organs extensively multitask. Most of the time multi-tasking is based on similarities in a nece
'I could care less'. This infuriates me and I just don't understand how people can say it and not re
“For all intensive purposes”
"Supposably"
It takes two to tangle. Its TANGO you knob.
"From the gecko" 
People who say expecially instead of especially. Same for expresso instead of espresso. 
Pacific instead of specific
It's a doggy dog world.  versus a dog eat dog world.
at my job specifically, every single time a customer asks if they can get their books/presentations 
The French word ‘voila’ shows up on Reddit as “wah-la” along with many other bizarre permutations.
Should of 
hors d'oeuvres
It is ordervs 
Not horse divorce
Axe instead of ask. 

Also, Alzheimer's disease 
"excetera." No x, people, and the abbreviation for "et cetera" is "etc.", not "ect."
*momentarily*

Most use it to say "in a moment" but it means "for a brief moment then not anymore"
When people say they "could care less", which actually means they care about said subject.
Best case Ontario
I didn't do nothing
“I could care less” clearly doesn’t make sense and it drives me crazy when people say it 
I'm an air traffic controller and I had a girl laugh at me for saying the word phraseology like phra
Anytime an American tries to pronounce any English county that ends in -borough
Hasta la Vista, baby
In England -

Can I have a lend of/ borrow of (instead of can I borrow).

In Ohio - 

So many people
"For all intensive purposes"
"Nip it in the butt" and worse when they spice it up and say "Nip it in the ass".
"I could care less"
Sutcha self

About 40 years ago it was a cliche that an uneducated person wouldn't say "ask," they'd say "axe" or
Well anywaysss
Like everyone else here, "I couldn't care less" being mispronounced as "I could care less". But my o
Touch hood.
This is probably just me but as someone who takes Latin, the phrase “Veni Vidi Vici” is not pronounc
Flush it out. Drives me nuts. It’s flesh it out people. Come on!
Somethink. 
Bone apple tea. 
On accident, it's by accident you semi literate fool.
Espresso. Many seem to pronounce it as "Expresso". Drives me up a damn wall.
Asperger's Syndrome as "ass burgers"
anything on r/boneappletea
It would ~~be who of~~ behoove you. 
"That's the worst." Really? THAT? THAT's the worst? Getting fries at McDonald's with not enough frie
I used to say nivermine instead of nevermind
“Everything/Anything but x” For e.g. “Siberia is everything but cold in the winter!”  So its literal
Friend of mine has never heard the word "misled" spoken aloud.  So he doesn't realize its "mis-led".
Let's get real: Masturbating.

Perfectly reasonable because of normal human sex drive, especially fo
Pee in the shower. 
Sleeping with socks on
Getting high before doing homework. It may sound like I am an addict or psychopath, but I think that
Eating my dead skin.
Chocolate Rain, that voice should always be preserved.
I LIKE TURTLES.
Me at the zoo
Smosh's Pokemon Theme Song.
Darude Sandstorm 
Don't Hug Me I'm Scared. That shit is nanners.
Jian sword dancing - https://youtu.be/Xcs3OwrkcR4
T series and Pewdiepie
Hillary being chucked into a van like a side of beef
I had that issue too. Have a glass of water next to your bed and as soon as you wake up, take small 
I used to have this all the time until I started using this routine:

1. Don't use any screens an ho
I honestly felt like this for the longest time and ended up getting a sleep apnea test done, turns o
Try drinking a gallon of water every day!!!!! Seriously its crazy!!!!
If it's insomnia and/or depression, one of the most effective ways to fight it is to get a ton of ex
Put your alarm clock/phone, whatever you use on the other side of your bedroom so you actually have 
Exercise
As hard as it is, don’t lay in bed after you wake up. I give myself 2-3 minutes to look at my phone 
My name is William and I'm a lil boi. 
in Kindergarten I died my hair blue for a while, everyone called me blue, and 42 is the meaning of l
For a short time "oyster girl" because I cut my feet on oysters while I was kayaking with school for
T.T. My mum decided to write my initials on my belongings o I wouldn't loose them . T.t turned to ti
Basically because I ripped my vagina open and I have a tendency to roar 

Nickname: Rex the Ripper
I’m the third
Is my nickname as it's my gamer tag. In ratchet and clank 3 in multiplayer there was a snow map call
My gloves were made partially of possum...
Always use this tag but I get called pid by most my mates cos I’m a bit of a clown. Names Stuart... 
Stargazer. I got caught sleeping outside by my camp counselors. Living in the city, it’s hard to see
Growing up in the 80's a few of us Frasers became Fraggle due to the programme Fraggle Rock. For me 
I made it on 2011, when I started to play Minecraft and I was already a Sonic fan, with Tails being 
When I was born, My father thought I was so tiny because my butt fit in the palm of his hands. So he
Someone called me squid back in 6th grade. It's now 4 years after my graduation and its stuck with m
My roommate in college was taller and heavier than me, and liked going to the gym. At some point we 
Which one? There was...

"You little deviant," a name my mom called me whenever I acted out sexually
Nickname is Cusack, called that because there are 4 people with the same first name in my grade
they call me lee cuz i look chinese
Mouse- I really liked to eat cheese a lot when I was a kid 
People call me A-A-ron now. Just like the Substitute Teacher video from Key and Peel. Why?!
egg because it has 2 gs like my name does and I like eggs
It's half of my middle name, and nobody can spell my first name right.
I’m gay so people call me f*g
Hyper - im a very hyperactive person

Mads - cant tell anyone just yet

2003 - the year i was born
Who would win in a fight, a grilled cheese or a taco?
What have you been doing for fun lately?  
There are various approaches to initiate such conversation, but making the other person talk about t
If you were a chess piece, which piece would you be?
Asking about music is fun for me. I like sharing what I like to listen to and also getting recommend
Sitting there not saying anything, likely staring at my phone because I'm awkward. 
Two truths and a lie

jk those suck

&#x200B;
"What do you want to be when you grow up?"
Engage about movies. What they’ve seen lately, their faves, etc. It’s neutral enough not to be insul
Asking someone where they’re from never hurts. Usually gets people talking. 
Got any ammo?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Whenever you come across anything you find weird or stupid, remember it, and try to bring it up in t
What are you obsessed with? What's your passion?
"Have you ever seen Star Wars?". Most people have, and usually results in a big discussion.
At this time of year I ask if they've got any new years resolutions 
Name 5 things you love and 5 things you hate. Hours of conversation here. 
We are in a somewhat ldr, and this happened on a day I had to drive home. While I was at the gas sta
jumped to the moon
I came home and he’d cleaned up and had beautiful flowers for me.  
He brings me a coffee on his way home from work. He doesn’t have to but he knows I love it and it ma
Fallout 76
A condom
a unicycle with training wheels
Abra from the games corner 
A framed picture of Boxcar Willie. Just wanted to buy some stuff to help the seemingly poor people t
A FidGet SpInNeR
Elementary school
Easy button

The final episode of Breaking Bad. 
Ozymandias - Breaking Bad
TheOffice season 5 episode of fire drill by Dwight K schrute.
Better Call Saul. Flashback episode for Mike where we learn about what happened to his son. I don’t 
Last Episode of BBC Bodyguard 
The Nightman Cometh
Charlie work
Times Arrow - Bojack Horseman S4E11. One of the most devastating half hours of any show I’ve ever se
The Weeping Angels episode of Doctor Who.
Game of Thrones Season 3 Episode 9. The only time I have cried while watching TV
The office episode where Michael and Jan host a dinner party. 
First Episode of Daredevil season 3 
Breaking bad finale

Season 5 finale - Supernatural
I know we all joke and say it's been on forever but the shooting episode of Grey's Anatomy always ho
The only TV I've really seen is Breaking Bad and a bunch of anime that I only watched to make fun of
My Future Self n Me - South Park
Vikings S04E15. Never has a character death made me so sad.
Nice try, FBI.
Hack into business part of the bank using social engineering, gain access to outgoing payments. Add 
[deleted]
Become besties with the bank manager, tellers and security. 
I'd fly a drone with a fake bomb attached to a drive up teller window. The drone would demand a bag 
Lemme guess, asking for a friend? 
Nice try, officer. 
I think one of the best ways to rob a bank would be to get a loan from a bank without giving them a 
Get a cute girl to help. I’d get them to pass a letter demanding money or her baby get killed. I dou
Successfully 
Get a gun, and just go fucking ape shit on the entrance
Most banks these days contain only enough money for 1 to 2 days trade.
 
So instead of a bank how ab
Park my car at a friends house, who has a white car.

Borrow said friends white car.

Steal a licens
Nice try but I am not a bank robber
I'd have a friend pretend be a repairman and wheel in a safe. I'd be inside the safe with a snorkel.
If no death certificate is filed yet. 
[It’s a classic](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 
it really depends on what genre you’re into, but ill just list the ones i really like. 
1. creep - r
Under Pressure - Queen and David Bowie
pouya, most of his stuff is good or loveleen,blakkst skn and egyptian luvr by rejjie snow, also legl
That's like asking "what are some good food recommendations?"
The album by Smash Mouth that contains All Star is called Astro Lounge. Sadly, all star is the worst
Radiohead’s albums OK Computer and In Rainbows
1.Mac Demarco-Moonlight on the river (-also check out brother,don juan,dreamin)

2.Mellow Fellow-Dan
List Of People by Tame Impala, Crazy Brazy and Put That On My Set by ASAP Mob, Like Whoa by Logic, B
[Kali Uchis - After The Storm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f5zD7ZSNpQ)
Freaking Out the Neighborhood - Mac Demarco
Someone That Loves You - HONNE
 **Ass Fuckin, Butt Suckin, Cunt Lickin Masturbation** \- GG Allin.
Acid rap- Chance the rapper 

The whole albums amazing
Book of soul by ab soul
Very sad song with a ton of feeling and emotions. 
Anything by Jack Stauber 
All of death's not the punk band discography at least 1 song from each album to see what you like si
Thong song 
Miami - Los Shadows
Go and discover ‘The 1975’. Incredible pop rock. 
Up all Night- Widespread Panic
Den- Umphreys Mcgee
Sugaree- Grateful Dead
Elliott Smith,all his songs are amazing.
Any of Weird Al's older stuff. Banana Phone by Raffi. Nickelback's deep tracks...
r/ifyoulikeblank would be happy to help if you can name a few favorite songs or artists you love.
Depends on what genre you like
Depends, I can recommend some good classical and jazz peices according to your to mood
House of the rising sun - the animals
Ever heard of Rebel songs genre?
The wolves - zombie
Rusted Root-On My Way
Super Ape by, The Upsetters. If you like mellow, classic reggae. 
I'm listening to this while looking up statistics regarding climate change, if that helps any:

http
Peter Gabriel. All of his stuff. Especially the soundtrack to Last Temptation of Christ.
Parcs and Recs, it just cheers wifey and I up whenever we hear it 
Game of thrones 
"Unbreakable! They alive damnit!"
Phineas and Ferb
bojack horseman 
Simpsons because the sequence differs from episode to episode, usually with a different Chalkboard G
Stranger Things- It just gets you into that spooky mood.

Adventure Time- I live for that penguin qu
Brooklyn 99, it never gets old and the music is a bop
AHS. 
X-Files. You'd be crazy to skip that.
X-Men Cartoon. Easily one of the most epic theme songs of all time. 

https://youtu.be/sAkL2-vh2Sk
The Office (us)
None of them, tbh
Full metal alchemists intros. All of them.
(See also soul eaters intros)
Suits "Greenback Boogie"
Firefly. Not that there’s many episodes to binge watch anyway... :(
Sherlock 
This is on Netflix, but it’s called Chef’s table. That show is beautifully shot and edited.
Shameless. Catchy song.
King of the Hill, Bob's Burgers, and Dexter
Avatar the last airbender
Breaking bad
Stranger Things
Doctor Who
All the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure intros
The Office, Parks and Rec
The West Wing
Westworld is the only intro I watch. It's beautiful. 
GOT
Kim Schmidt, parks and rec, or any short ones
How I met your mother. It's so good.

Daredevil! The theme song for daredevil really gets you in the
Voyager.  


Buffy the Vampire Slayer 
Star Trek: Voyager.
Farscape

Especially season 2's
Bob's Burgers and Futurama. They're my favorite shows and the intros are so comforting to me.
Black Sails, I love everything about that opening and I will watch it in full every single time.
The Walking Dead
Any jjba opening.
Red vs blue
Salem. I love the intro song. 
Attack on Titan.

Theme songs are superb
Stranger Things and Bojack Horseman
It's Always Sunny. The intro makes me feel warm and happy.
Broad City. It’s quick, fun, and a different animation each time so totally worth watching. 
Once Upon a Time, besides the fact that it’s my favorite show the intro is only a quickly little tun
Neon Genesis Evangelion intro is the best tbh
The Sopranos
Eva 
The crown
Breaking Bad cuz it is so short.
Twin Peaks 
For some reason The Wire's intros are enthralling to me, never skipped one. 

Not even season 2. 
Sword Art Online: Alicization
friends
how I met ur mother
Lost

It would ruin the whole mood of the episode. Plus it's like 5 seconds long.
Bojack Horseman and Parks and Recreation 
There's not a single one that I'll watch. I saw it once. Good enough. 
I don’t skip any intros, I actually like watching them. 
Orange is the new black 
[Gravity Falls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtlX1pujSr4) 

&#x200B;

I hum along every-time.
Firefly

Star Trek Enterprise seasons 1 & 2. For seasons 3 & 4 they remixed it and it was shit.

Far
Sailor Moon English dub. It will forever be among the greatest and most epic cartoon jntros ever. 
The Ranch
Long distance telephone calls used to be very expensive.   Depending on the time of day and carrier,
Mark Zuckerberg and I'd donate all fb profits to charity across the globe
Jerked off 
Sleep
Start my day with a smoke, cup of coffee, and the thought, "Maybe I'll get lucky today, and just up 
Fuck your mom.
Charged my phone
Snapchat streaks.
Took my first pee of the day 
Showered 
Brushed my teeth. 
I didn't even get out of bed every day.
Changed the date 
Eat food.
Ate breakfast.
Try to get to her heart 
Charged my phone, it gets plugged in every night before  I go to bed.  Every night, without fail.  
Uhm... Pee, and breath, and talk to my boyfriend 
Woke up
Pooped. Obviously.
Wake up
I was scrolling through & my girl saw your post & tell me to reply 'BRA'
Bra

Even if you find the most comfortable bra in the world, you just cannot wait to take it off!
Pants.  I wear dresses 99.9%
I can't believe that the top answer here isn't a thong.  There is absolutely nothing worse than havi
Bra, it’s uncomfortable as hell.. If nipples wouldn’t say hello whenever I’m cold, I’d never wear on
Heels. 

Edit: OMG BRA
Bra
Male clothes. Did that for too long.
Dresses
Skirts.
A skirt. 
Bra. Horrid thing.

I utterly refuse to wear heels.
Trousers. 
Jumpsuit when you need a pee.
High heels
Loose fitting pants. I feel like a slob. 
Pantyhose is 1, strapless bra is 2.
I'm not a wamen but I can imagine its tampons and pads 

Paris. so. fucking. overrated. 

if i had to rate it: 4/10. prague:8/10. berlin: 7/10. 

i don’t kno
Bosnia
Cork in Ireland 
Canada. Everything is.. so... slow. People there are walking slowly, the buses usually arrive late, 
New York. Was young and naïve - not anymore.
Op's mom's house. 
London, I still liked it tho. However that's a place I would particularly return unlike Prague. 
Probably Dominican Republic, I just found it too touristy 
Rome, not because I didn't like the city but because I had taken my ex there and found out she cheat
Los Angeles for me, especially Hollywood. 

As a kid I always imagined it as some wonderland, but in
Rome was such a let down for me. It was dirty, over crowded and you couldn't be left alone for five 
Chuck E Cheese. I didn’t even see the rat and the pizza was terrible 
Star Wars Battlefront 2 (2005, the GOOD one).
Morrowind (5000+), Oblivion (3000ish), Skyrim (6000+), Fallout 3, Fallout: New Vegas (2000+), Fallou
New Vegas. 
Animal Crossing: New Leaf and Xenoblade Chronicles X are both close to 2000 hours by now.
I played Oblivion over 1000 hours. Haven't played it in years. 
TF2 , CS:GO and GTA V , and i guess WoT.
Minecraft, Team fortress 2, CS:GO
CSGO, before I stopped I was the highest rank in the game and would go on aim maps everyday.
Black ops 2
League of Legends, these were the best and simultaneously worst hours of my life
World of Warcraft 
COD MW2
League of Legends and World of Warcraft definitely have over 1000 each. No regrets.
Quite a few. In order, from most hours played:

1. Everquest, topping in at over 10k hours played. 

RuneScape , over 10 years played (so way more than 1k hours) but I’ve retired from that game. 
Garry’s mod, fort- (eh I won’t say that one), and Horizon: Zero Dawn.
The Sims 3 and probably The Sims 2
The original Guild Wars.
Guildwars 1 (2k), guildwars 2 (6k), Skyrim (3k) and csgo (2k)
warframe, fortnite(STW not tacked on BR mode), Bf2 (pushing 8000 hours)
R6 siege, Tetris, BF4, street fighter 2.
Lol sims 4
Payday 2
Minecraft
Why would dentists recommend something that could reduce a demand for their overpriced procedures?


r/Dentistry could help you :) 
Anything dentist reccomemended 
Not a dentist, but I’ve learned over the years that they recommend any specific toothpaste as long a
Cubone. Heartbreaking backstory that makes me root for him. 
Mew cause he’s an adorable little bugger
Mewtwo.
Pikachu! At least he is the most popular one!
Mareep is cute and cuddly.
Snorlax. Guy just wants to sleep. I get that.
Incineroar, It’s my favorite type and it shoots fire from it’s crotch. Plus cats are my favorite ani
Snorlax.... and I am not even a lazy guy... I just love his character 
It's gotta be Starly. Adorable lil' bastard. He saved / carried my Diamond Nuzlocke run.
Delibird! He is so wholesome, he brings gifts to people and I’m not talking just sometimes, it’s his
Genesect. 

He's just fuckin' cool looking. 
Gengar because he is a mischievous little shit, and he has such a cool design.
Kadabra, the spoon makes it.
Mimikkyu. He just wants to be loved and I will be the one to love him.
Vulpix. So cute.
Ditto. That smile and that they look funny to me.
Giratina, he’s a giant badass ghost dragon
Psyduck. Just look at it. It's great.    
  
Mimikyu. Look at it. It's adorable.
Skitty! They're just so cute. Love catching them in PoGo.
Shuckle: you don’t fuckle with Shuckle.
Weedle
Garchomp. Always thought he looked cool
Infinate wishes 
"I wish for an easily reverse engineered device, made with materials easily sourced and produced, no
A wallet that contains $1000 every time I open it.
I want the ability to spawn any book published or going to be published.
To be Imortal
More magic goldfish 
nuke Israel 
World peace 
I feel like the fish part was almost unnecessary? 
r/ihadastroke
Fallout 76
A failing marriage 
A hangover.
my relationship with my dad
Software
Mi corazón, amigo. 
My life..... well, hold on now, lemme think about this

Nah, not without spending rest of my life in
Women
My heart 💔
Yeah look you might be right here. I was trying to think of more problems but with enough hammers, s
Everything 
A computer virus
Feminism
Diarrohea.
Most things 
My parents' marriage. 
Healthcare in the US
Broken tape dispenser. 
My heart 
In IT it's often that you know how to "use the socials" [use all and know all social media platforms
That bankers are corrupt and greedy and will only give you advice that lines our pocket.
That’s abou
Hell yeah. In fact I feel really dumb when I pee in the toilet right before I start a shower
There are those that say yes and those that lie.
Anyone who says they don't is a liar.
It's all pipes!
 It even a question. 
Quite often.  the warm water response is to release ones bladder.
TIL that there are a lot of people who really don't care what their shower smells like. 
who doesn’t? but only in my own, at home; not in public/shared.
Of course, it needs a jet of powerful piss to was my crap down the plughole
It's only logical.
Who doesn't
There is two types of people out there, the ones that pee in the shower and those who lie about not 
Yea. Huge time saver and convenient! 
Yes, but only at the start before I've used shower gel and shampoo which washes it away... also it's
Tried it a couple of times, but the whiff of ammonia is unpleasant.
Everytime
Conserves water if you do compared to peeing and flushing first. Save the environment, pee in the sh
Every day
Yeah cuz when I'm in the shower and it's too late to walk out naked and take a piss whilst being nak
I learned in the Army that if you pee on your feet in the shower, it will keep you from getting athl
While I am peeing, I'm also brushing my teeth. 
Hell no.

I do wafflestomp, however 
I have in the past, but haven’t in a long time. Can’t even remember the last time I did, though I kn
I poop in the shower
Did you really just ask a yes or no question in r/askreddit?
Everyone does or they are liars...the question you should have asked is does anyone pee in the tub
 My cat let me pet him once, Twas a good day 
My childhood dog who recently passed was always there to listen to every breakdown I have had, and I
My old cat always used to bring me mice (sometimes on my pillow) and it was kinda gross but I know s
Not leaving me :,-)
When he could sense the anger or tension in a room he got excited and tried to lower it by pouncing 
When my best friend of 8 years was about to be put down I was crying hysterically, seeing him lying 
So our house got caught up in a fire. We were truly devastated and stayed in a temporary shelter. Th
My dog cuddles me (lays with his head on my back) whilst I'm suffering a migraine. He doesn't leave 
We have a covered one. She seems to enjoy going in it to play rather than poop and wee. She also see
My cat brought me a leaf once. She had such a proud look on her face. 
My dog follows me wherever I go. He's a little Cavalier King Charles puppy, and even tho I knew they
Last time I had a panic attack in my parents' house, our dog climbed onto my lap and licked my face.
Pooped in litter tray and not on the floor..
i had a cat when i was really little that when i went to school would find all of my stuffed animals
She gets worried when I cry and she will whine until I let her lick my face and rest her head in my 
Stop pooping in my house
Just being there. We’re in a time where everybody hates everyone and nobody wants to be vulnerable w
Mushrooms. Can’t stand the texture or taste. Everyone says I’m weird as they are so delicious!
Tomatoes. Slimy and watery. Gross.

Edit: misspelled tomatoes twice because I’m dumb like a tomato.
Avocado 
doughnuts. it doesn't taste good at all. 
Sushi
Mac & cheese
Potatoes of any variety 
Raisins
Fucking raisins! 
Ketchup
Dairy milk. Just the smell of it makes me wanna vom.
Rare steaks.  Well done only or I'm done.

I get excoriated for this view in Redditland, but I don't
Pineapples. I hate it no matter how it's served. 
Popcorn. Tastes stale even when just made. And the fact that the texture is made from those packing 
Potatoes

Eggs

Sausage
Cheese. Ew.
cinnamon and ketchup. I hate them with a passion!
Garlic bread
Liver
Sweet potatoes
Pb&j 
Peanut butter. Even the smell of it makes me retch uncontrollably. 
Tomato
Peas. I feel like it's a food most hate when they are kids but like them as adults. I still hate the
A lot of people say they love chocolate covered bacon, but I think they just like the idea.  Under t
Sushi.
Tomato when it isn't cooked in any way. Otherwise i love it.
Yes I have. I still don't enjoy it. Texture thing mostly.
I was a freshman in high school and my friend wanted to use my phone for a bit. I forgot I delete my
I worked hard to repress them, thankfully. 
Back in highschool, I'd literally run whenever my crush is within my view and she knew I like her, I
Rubbish because its all over the place.  I have more dark days then i'd like to admit. 
I'm okay, thanks for your concern. :-)
Up and down. Currently kinda just wobbling back and forth on the edge, who knows where the week will
A whole lot better than it used to be. I think the realization that a lot of things that may make yo
Reading this raised my anxiety.

Does that count?
P o o r
Definitely poor, but not as bad as it was last year. I was on shitty meds for years before I realize
Could be better. I live in a corrupted country and studying like hell to get in a good university. B
Could be a lot worse. Could also be considerably better.
One day I’ll get tired of fighting back. It’s not tonight but I know one day I’ll be too weak, too t
absolute shit to be real with you. i’m just going through a lot atm but i’m sure i’ll brighten up so
Before or after medication?
For the time being, stable. That said, tomorrow could be a whole different ballgame. I have few diff
i think its pretty alright for the most part
Im NoT sEnSiTiVe YoUr SeNsItIvE
Anxious and paranoid
Not bad.
I'm going through a valley but it's by far not the lowest point. With the help I got from some weeks
Terrible..
My family has a broad history of mental illness, and I was diagnosed with Type 2 Bipolar about a yea
Today in particular was a roller coaster, i went from vomiting of pure mental pain to smiling from e
Not in a good state.

But I try to manage
Poor. I'm anxious and stressed all the time and my family wants soo much from me and I can't raise t
Okay
I think I'm to heavily reliant on happiness through my significant other. So when I'm alone, I'm ok/
Pretty good these days. It fluctuates though, as I guess everyone’s does 
Hahahahahahahahaha
It’s so poor that I’m up at 3 AM right now and had a hard time getting myself to stop sobbing. I got
Could be better. I'm stressed due to my workload and I'm dealing with body image issues. However the
Getting better but there's still much room for improvement
Not that great. It's been a tough lately but is better than before. 
ehhhhhh 50/50
Currently pretty good. The loneliness of the holiday season has passed and now it's time to look for
it thinks it is normal
I've been struggling a lot lately. 

I always knew that my father was abusive and I've come to terms
Shit
Dreadful
I'm 15
But I act like I'm 7 or 9 at times
Banging my head on  the wall and crying loudly
Bu
Not great after 3 double shifts in a row at the group home I work at. I'm real burnt out.
Right now? I'm doing okay.   
~~Christmas~~ Stressmass is over so I don't have to interact with peop
I stay up late wondering about conspiracy theories now.  
Pretty much a flying fuckfest atm. 

Constant paranoia, self doubt and hatred, I barely eat anymore 
terrible
More down than up, but I keep struggling through.
I had "crushes" as young as kindergarten, but my first real crush that actually amounted to somethin
honestly have never had a crush
11
13
8
Older than 14
14
I think I was like 16 when I had the first "real" crush where I actually knew them personally and I 
16. Didn't realize until I couldn't stop thinking about her.  I told her a week before I moved acros
Probably grade 1 or 2.  Im 23 now and shes still really really attractive and I have no chance with 
Grade 2, so age 7?

I remember these things for some reason.
7 and I remember explaining to her about it and expecting her to kiss me (because of what you see in
I was very young, but she was around 30 and married.
From ages 9 to 12 I had a huge crush on this guy who went to my school. For three years I was totall
none yet hehe
When I was in kindergarten, 4-6. I’m a woman.
Technically, it was in pre-school with this girl I would follow around during play time. 

My first 
About 14. Maybe 13
2nd grade. So, like 7 or so.
Filter by new, give my best one liners. 
Ambien.
Melatonin but it's very important you take a very low dose. I take 300**mcg** and whenever I need it
Climb into your bed. Lay your head down on that soft, fluffy pillow. Pull the covers right up to you
Read until drowsy. Mark page, fall asleep. 
Reading a book usually does the trick. Really helps me relax. 
Keep the room cool. Too hot means you won't get comfortable.

Keep the room dark. As dark as you rea
Melatonin 😂😂😂
Seroquel 50mg
Work hard for 3 hours prior to sleeping time.  In the hot sun. With little to drink. 
Jason Stephenson sleep hypnosis on YouTube
Asmr
Masterbation or good sex... works like a charm for me.
I force myself to dream. Well, not exactly: I imagine different stories in my head while relaxed in 
Blunt object to. The. Head
Podcasts or books for school ( I'm a teacher btw)
Lie belly down and read a non fiction book 
Eat
Complete physical and emotional exhaustion
Don't use electronics in bed.

I say as I type this from my bed.
Stay up real late 
Sometimes porn does the trick.
Watch movies until I feel sleepy
Stay awake til I'm sleepy.
4-7-8 breathing technique. Breathe in for 4 seconds, hold it for 7 seconds and use 8 seconds to slow
excersize during the day, 100% best thing
My rule of thumb is to never think negative thoughts while I'm in bed. I try to make the bed into a 
Fantasize, eventually it works lol
Listening to ASMR will put me down quicker than anything else.
10mg of melatonin and a 4 hour compilation of Zero Punctuation videos 
Sleep minimally, drink heavily. 
Slowly imagine myself sinking deeper and deeper into my bed with every breath, till I fall through t
Youtube or tv-series in bed 1-2 hours before i should sleep, if i use my head in any way then i will
Close my eyes
Counting, CBD oil, rain/thunder noises, making sure I get enough active time during the day to warra
Weed
Weed
The Constitution, it should be the mandatory document to be sworn in on. It should be held above the
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Real answer: The Constitution. It's really the only document that it makes sense to swear upon for a
The bee movie script in Latin, only on Wednesdays for obvious reasons
Credit card junk mail.
The Prince.
That fan fiction about smash Bros. That's the longest piece of literature ever
A dungeon masters guide.
I'd use a Koran just to piss people off
Finnegans Wake
50 shades of grey
Fortnite guidebook 
Homestuck Book 1

Just to let the public know what a mistake it was to choose me
A Copy of Napalm and Silly Putty by George Carlin...but then I'm a wannabe comedian, I may not be a 
George R. R. Martin's book, A dream of spring. There is no god damn justice in this world until I se
DVD case for "Big Asses, Small dicks"
The Vault Dweller's Survival Guide
Mao's Green Book
First edition dungeon master's guide.
Thug Kitchen
The assembly instructions for an Ikea bedframe.
Anarchist's Cookbook.
US constitution + state constitution. Because I’d be representing my state, my people, and I wouldn’
A bible, a copy of the Bill of Rights, and [this](http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQftBcR4i9
I'm a naturalist/secular humanist/atheist so if  I were elected to Congress or some high office I wo
Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix because the plot of that specific H.P. book is the most re
Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire.

I have read the book so many times, it is my favorite book of 
Instead of a text I'd opt for swearing in using the Sun.
Birth certificate
The Bible
Some Kanye song lyrics
The communist manifesto
I'd select affirmation if that exists in the United States. But back when I was 12 or 13 I did get s
Mein kamf?
Pissed with a boner
Clutched a 1v5 as recruit
Take my exams after not being at school for 3 months due to a nasty injury 
Your mother.
Left my marriage. I wanted it to work more than anything. I didn't get married to leave 4 years late
Either a ten mile run or beating Ghosts 'n Goblins. 
Cut her off. 

I’d give anything to have her back. 

Even when I have it all, i’ll still think about
I'm still in the middle of doing it. Psychoanalysis.
Robespierre (the guy who was having everyone guillotined during the French Revolution):

“Passerby, 
I told you I was ill 
There was a stone at the cemetery I used to work at that read "Do Not Disturb".
Here lies Lester Moore ..  
shot with two slugs from a .44 ..  
No Les, No More ..
Piledriver. 
I’m not your huckleberry
I see you reading this, *John*!

Would scare the shit out of random cemetery goers named John.
I once saw one that said, "The shell is here, but the nut is gone." 
“Oof”
Respawning in 10.. 9.. 8...
genius billionaire philanthropist... batman
The one that I’m sure will be on mine: “It seemed like a good idea at the time”
She was tough but pretty.  Like beef jerky in a ball gown. 
Invented car farts

                        -Elon Musk
Oof ouch owie
Why not? 
"And you guys thought I wouldn't do it"

-/r/me_irl user
See you all in hell
If you lived here you’d be dead already. 
"If you're reading this, you have more time than I do."
Leave, while you still can!
My will states my tombstone will say "I will never eat here again"

and the tombstone has to be plac
"Leave me alone"
He meant well.
If you like me check this box. 
If the person died in his sleep then write, "What happened?" 
She died doing who she loved
ded
"The phantom menace was a good movie lol"
I want my epitaph to be "Broken Promise." I was reading and writing fluently when I was three years 
"Past away"

That's 50 $ a letter! 
Want to trade places?
*As you are now, I once was and as I am now, you too shall be.*
Here lies a Man. 
Respawning
3...
2..
1.
Connection lost
I just want mine to say “Here lies Dobby, a free elf”. My husband has agreed to honor my wishes. 
And you thought I couldn't settled in one place forever.
“He died doing what he loved...dying”
'I was born for this.' And a picture of motivated kid meme.
“lol get rekt”
Paint me like one of your french girls
What up
Soil line
A line of [COKE](https://i.imgur.com/Eye3pIc.jpg).
I may be dead, but honor never dies.
Well, sheeiiiit
Checking emails and kicking cheats in the hereafter. 
"He tried"
"He had his boots on"
Deadass
Don’t [Something you believe people shouldn’t do] or you’ll end up here
Jokes aside, ‘don’t cry because I’m gone, smile because I was here’ is a good one
"Here lies one whose name was writ in water" - a young English poet
doubt it
I’m your huckleberry.

Or

You ain’t no daisy 
Always lived like he expected to get his money's worth out of every day of his life.
"He dead" 
BRB
Shhhh. I’m trying to sleep.

Or

Owe, you’re stepping on my head 
I'm Watching You
"They're coming to get you, Barbara." 
“It’s all your fault, Ann” 
"My heart has joined the thousand, for my friend stopped running today."

&#x200B;

God, I'm a wuss.
I’ll be your huckleberry 
I am not dead- just dormant. See you soon!
I want mine to say : If you can read this You are standing on my boobs 
Get the fuck out the way. I'm coming up bitch. 
My first Darwin Award!
The place is nice, but everybody here is so cold.
Now I got it! This is what that signal meant.
Dont look behind you 
Show me ya moves!
Move on, you are blocking my WiFi.
I left a stack of money in the 
I prefer a sign wave, that's just me though.
peperony and chease
There was a time before I was born, if someone asks, this is where I'll be.
Finally, a real vacation.
YOLO
'Blown upward, out of sight, he sought the leak by candlelight' is one I remember from an excellent 
Game over!

score: &e0

You cannot respawn in hardcore mode!
I'm just resting. I'll be back.
Send my regards to The Mittani
After an incident where one of my coworkers disobeyed a warning sign and ended up in the hospital fo
Today is the day i sold my soul for a cupcake.

Its from doki doki literature club. I dont care for 
"I don't know why everyone is overreacting, I was just taking a nap..."
“this tombstone was a hand-me-down”
My grandma died in 2018. She has "never sent an email or text". She was pretty proud of that. 
Just a middle finger
Stay foxy, die alone
"Embrace your inevitable doom," they said. "It'll be fun," they said.
"Nothing is set in stone"
Well if you are buried by your spouse <—— I’m with stupid.
"I told you I was sick." You get to be passive-aggressive and a know it all, even long after death!
"afk dead"
When are you joining me bro?
"At last, a cure for insomnia"
Pining for the fjords!
"See you all soon,fuckers."
No Dumping
Still highly contagious. 
Here lies Harry Dresden. He died doing the right thing. 

He died doing what he loves...... surprising Tigers
Game over,insert soul to restart. 
Put a Ouija board instead of a line
/life
"I am at peace. Hope you can say the same."
Oof, guess I died. Well, drop some F’s while you’re here.
[deleted]
I'm a guy who grew up with lesbian parents.

One was biological, one wasn't, my dad had partial cust
Just explain where babies come from the sense of biology, sperm and egg. If they have questions just
It probably was a "just birds" or "just bees" talk.
Ketchup on bacon
ice and cereal
Tuna and mustard with onion on wheat bread sandwiches.
Blue cheese and vanilla ice cream
Cup noodle, drained broth. Served on top of canned sardines.
Horseradish, dill pickles and deli mustard on a bratwurst. 
Beef ramen with a dollop of peanut butter
Foie gras and chocolate
Ketchup on mac/cheese... on occasion. 
Cream cheese and jam sandwiches
Grilled cheese with jam on top
Pickles on those microwaveable bean burritos.
A can of Dennison's Hot Chili, crushed up ramen noodles (into small pieces, not dust) with the water
blue waffles
Pockets being longer than the shorts. 
Chewing with their fucking mouths wide open the uncultured swines!
Ads with fake exit buttons
You have been banned from r/pyongyang
Listening crappy music on their phones in public without the earphones.
Not using your turn signal. Give it a week or two and everyone will drive properly. 
This is outrageous. Where are the armed men who come in to take the protestors away? Where are they?
Clapping with their hands instead of their feet. 
"Should of"
Skid marks
Chewing with their mouth open.
Not washing hands after the bathroom and before eating.
Automatic life sentence: camping in the left lane.
People referring to their husbands as “hubby”
Getting pedantic about silencer vs supressor.
Breaking the rules for lines/line etiquette. You wanna cut to the front or use your kids to try and 
Suggesting that any offense that I punish is ridiculous.  Be warned... :)
Possession of a mint condition Tiger Beat magazine with Bobby Sherman on the cover.
Upvoting Ugandan Knuckles memes
Anyone who types "could of" when they obviously mean "could HAVE", as in "You could HAVE avoided the
Just the gulag? What kind of namby pamby dictator do you think I am?

&#x200B;
Chewing with mouth open and smacking lips while eating.
turning the fan off after taking a shit and then closing the door.
Believing the Earth is flat.
Not exactly ridiculous, but people who put laugh tracks in their shows are brought to gulag. 
Subverting the will of the people.

Make no mistake, as a ruthless dictator, I am fully outside of t
leaving your indicator on
Not using the turn signal. 
Sneezing more than three times in a row. (Points finger) 👉 WITCH!!! 
Honking at a signal the second it turns green.
Using the word *break* to refer to the *brakes* on a car or other type of vehicle. You don't *break*
The two people who stand next to each other in a grocery isle.
Going in a urinal right next to a guy although there are others open
Failure to peel an orange and keep it in one piece.
If I had my way, we'd see the creation of the WREA; the Writing Rules Enforcement Agency.

This orga
Littering, aggressive driving that negatively impacts the flow of traffic.

&#x200B;

ie: speeding o
Mixing up "much" and "many"
Having any executive position in any company that calls someone on the do not call list, even once.
Littering.  Cigarette butts, fast food trash and discarded band-aids will be tracked to their owners
Yielding to other cars when they have the right of way.  
Tailgating 
Motherfuckers who stop in doorways would be summarily executed in my world.
Mispronunciations like Nuclear or potatoe.
People wearing their pants at their knees. Fucking ugly as hell, get a belt.
Wiping from the back!
Improper turn signal

Improper use of a double negative

Calling people you don’t know “bro”
Driving slow in the fast lane. 

Scratch that - driving altogether. Motherfuckers cant handle that s
Playing music with really loud bass (outside of designated areas).

I don't want to feel your fuckin
20 years for singing louder than a whisper in public 
Going out of order at a 4 way stop.
Pressing the caps lock key for one character in a password instead of the shift key. 
Do you karaoke? Please see our wonderful travel agents , they have a fine bitter cold destination wi
Not using their turn signals.
Not using their turn signals. Fuck them. 
White dudes who rock the samurai style haircut. 
Anybody that ruins my movie going experience will get the book thrown at them. No talking , no loud 
People who make slurping noises when they drink coffee.  
  
Oh, wait, that's *not* ridiculous.  Tha
Whistling is one month per ten seconds.
Dancing on a rooftop.

 You did ask for ridiculous.
to write 101 versions of 'Johny Johny Yes Papa' while enjoying the tear gas in the gulag. 
Being fat.

They can be released when they are thin enough to outrun the guards
Being offended.
“I seen...”
And while we’re at it, failure to understand when to use fewer vs less, its vs it’s, aff
Driving too slow in the left lane
Pronouncing ESPRESSO "eXpresso."
Not being good at cooking 
So, I heard you were rude to your waitress last night, Komrade. Normally, I would not concern myself
Sneezing in public.
Sandals and socks.
Not using their turn signal. 
Not going for the objectives in domination

You know who you are, and you deserve the gulag.
If someone exited my room and left the door like a bit open but didn’t close it completely. I’d just
Ketchup on eggs
Chewing with their mouth open
Disagreeing with me/telling me that I'm wrong. What I'm right about is that you'll be sent STRAIGHT 
Raisins in pastry’s 
When people hit you repeatedly you tell them to stop or they'll be consequences and have the balls t
Using light theme
Laughing at something on r/funny
People with small cars who park deep in a carpark and make it look like its vacant
parents who allow their 13 year old or younger girls to walk around in crop tops, short shorts and w
Not wearing deodorant. PLEASE


WEAR DEODORANT
Platitudes
Wearing short sleeve shirts
Shit posting on 4chan
Not having their Oyster Card / Travel Pass ready as they get to the barrier. That would be an instan
Misusing their they’re and there in casual conversation 
Turning right without moving into the curb lane first just because further back on the street there 
Wearing Crocs 
Blinking while speaking to me.
Using right-handed scissors if you've been certified left-handed.
Not rewinding netflix shows.
Being in a range of 50 kilometers for more than 2 days and 46 minutes
Blaring your fucking car horn. Whenever I hear it it pisses me off to no end, whether walking or dri
Not rinsing their dishes. That's disgusting. 
Emojis

Partly because I hate them.

Partly because I'd be love to see a black market for them.
Odd coloured socks. Destroying the fabric of society and footwear!
nothing
Telling me that I'm never going to use that SodaStream in two weeks time and that it's a waste of mo
Scraping their teeth on their fork while eating. 
Fedoras
Using a knife in the kitchen without a cutting board. 
Disapproving of your daughter's desire to marry a KGB agent.

It really was ridiculous. He had a bri
Reposting.
Clipping one's fingernails or toenails in public places. Extra punishment if they do it at a table, 
Chewing loudly.  
building rockets with round tips when I specifically asked for pointy ones
When in a restaurant with self seating, placing yourself directly near the person in the far corner 
People who edit their posts to thank the kind stranger who gilded them instead of sending a private 
Being named Ruth.
Using kitchen knives to open boxes/packaging.
Putting food directly in your pockets
any dude that wears skinny jeans
Any Yanny wearing a white and gold striped dress. 
Laurels in blue and black striped dresses are ok 
Wearing jean shorts
Dumb ass conspiracy theories.  Anything about 9/11 being an inside job.  Flat earth.  And my favorit
Spelling 'lose' as 'loose'
People chewing with their mouths open....they'll learn real quick
Complaining about too hot or much summer. Well, then a Pevek gulag camp should be right up your alle
Sagging their pants, doing fortnite dances, tiktoks, shall i go on?
Subway sandwich makers who don't put anywhere near enough olives on it.

Only three or four pieces o
Unironically calling destiny better than warframe.
Not getting to the point in any conversation.
talking before 9 am
Working at a Jewelry store on Wednesdays, for obvious reasons
Sitting in a parking spot in reverse and not moving. 

Fun fact: for every second you spend in rever
Salting their watermelons.
Saying “I could care less”.
Failure to use turn signals.
Telling me there are women near me that wants to have sex with me.


People who don’t whisper when they’re talking at the movies. Happened to me and there were some kids
Ending a sentence with a preposition (e.g, where you at?) and/or using the word "irregardless".


Cruising in the passing lane.

Actually this isn’t even ridiculous 
Not owning a cat
Having badly behaved children. Death to you, death to your shitty kids you couldn’t be bothered to a
Make that one type of paper that is that weird halfway between cardstock, laminate, and photo paper 
Listening to music with headphones but with the volume on max so that everyone can hear what they’re
WHISTLING 😤
Saying negative things about me on the internet.
Talking on your phone in the lunch room while it's on speaker.
Yes, I'm talking about you Lance.
Nothing, I'm a benevolent, enlightened tyrant who supports the freedom and prosperity of his people.
Failing to wash their hands after using the bathroom.
looking at stray animals without taking it home. It would be a fun game of BirdBox with animals
Riding bicycle on sidewalk instead of walking it 
People squeezing from the middle of the damn toothpaste tube. 
For writing Gulag with a small g
Wearing mother fluffin cowboy boots with mother fluffin basketball ball shorts! White redneck guys, 
Reposting political memes.
oh, wait. That’s Russia from 2015
People who cheer a high school graduations before the end
Stopping their car somewhere they aren’t supposed to, putting their flashers on, and thinking that n
I'd throw people in jail for not answering questions.

It just annoys me greatly when I ask someone 
Going valley on lakeville encounter
Not knowing pop culture references. 
Not liking dogs. 
Fuck so many people would go... i guess fucking up my food order. 
Being a shitty person overall, which would be decided by me
Asking to be sent to a Gulag
Use of advertisements on the internet. Boom, it’s now gone. No more consumer internet. 
Not knowing how to merge into traffic without coming to a stop.
Making eye contact with anyone. 
Eating a KitKat without breaking it.
Using the overhead space above someone else's seat on a plane. 
Refusing to build your stupid wall.
Anyone who drinks a Glass of milk with a bowl of cereal is guilty of treason and executed. 
Obeying me
Spitting gum any place other than I the the trash. 1 year hard labor. 
Playing music through the speaker on their phone at full volume.
Sagging pants
Ordering pineapple on pizza
Making loud noises that actually disturb me. If you make a loud noise but I don't notice it you're g
If it’s barely raining outside and you’ve got your windshield wipers goin as fast as they fucking ca
Putting the roll of toilet paper on the wrong way/direction.
Posing a political threat against my power, persuading the population of a different ideology, attem
for having a IQ below 150 which i can then use to make a race of super smart people
Throwing ink at an image of me.
Don't get your child vaccinated? Then say goodbye to parenthood. Unless there is a medical reason of
Trying to merge onto the highway 20mph slower than the current flow of traffic is an instant death s
anyone that demands to be called Ze or Zir
Let's see: not smiling, sneezing/coughing without closing their mouth, anything that is a thoughtcri
People who put nasally offensive food in the work microwave and smells up the office for the rest of
People who think they’re too smart for religion but won’t shut up about CrossFit, yoga, or ordering 
Eating with their mouth open 
Doing Fortnite dances
Liking the green apple skittle instead of the lime #NotMyRainbow
Standing in the middle of places with heavy foot traffic like the entrances of stores in shopping ce
People who stop in the middle of a walk way for no fucking reason, especially if they have a shoppin
Putting Pineapple on Pizza 
Plumbers crack. Being a bitch
People who don't like mint ice cream/mint flavoured sweets

Excuse me, you're wrong
Having proper grammar,
The Jacksonville Jaguar’s Offense. Everyone involved needs to be sent to the gulag.
People who hate rapists or pedophiles with a passion.
Parking in front of the “no parking fire lane” area of a parking lot while someone runs into the sto
Wondertrading magikarp.
Blinking in my presence.
Man buns
Wearing pants that look like they have pockets but don’t 
Talking in another language or writing on anything but a piece of paper or an electronic device 
leaving dishes in the sink
Pineapple on pizza would get you five years.
Acting like a fucking ass to Teachers ( I dont know why but when my fellow students teach Teachers l
walking slowly or stopping in heavy foot traffic
Communism.
Crying babies/children can fuck right off.
She said no if I’m ruthless fuck morals
Talking. It’s gonna be like A Quiet Place up in this country. 
Leaving a lego on the street.
having those bright ass LED headlights on their car 
Failing to use the Oxford comma. 
Hiccuping with an open mouth. That sound will get you sent straight for torture 
People who i have judged and not found interesting and are just fucking annoying.
Littering, buying or selling plastic, coal powered anything.
Pouring milk before the cereal 
Not using your turn signals and not putting your headlights on when it rains. 
Anyone who fucking types “UwU”
Talking crap about cargo shorts. They have pockets for days and I can store a ton of crap in them. G
Couples sharing social media accounts.
Fighting over whether plot or justice is better
Using a catapult instead of a trebuchet
Merging onto the highway at 45mph, when all highway traffic is going a minimum of 65. Looking at you
having a vagina
Chewing with their mouths open/talking with their mouths full
Littering.
Using Papyrus as the font for their business/menu/anything.

Straight. To. Execution.
Touching your nose when you walk past someone. 

Bad breath.
Getting too fat
People chewing loudly, people who design women's clothing without having pockets, people who don't s
Chewing with their mouths open
Cheering me up when I'm brooding/angry.

I mean, thanks, and you're a cool guy/gal, but I'm trying b
Walking around in public, holding their mobile up on speaker phone. 

*Prepare the leg irons!*
Everything the visiting venezualans mention in parks and rec.

Undercook chicken? Prison.

*Overcook
Bei g the first person to sit after a standing ovation.
People with the following hair colour:
purple, pink, blue, orange, green, white

Not grooming eyebrows

Having ear hair I can see

Unkempt nose hairs 


MAGA hats
Anyone who buys a Toyota Mirai. 
Holding your phone with one hand and typing with your index finger.
Making a noise when they yawn
showing up more than 5 minutes late to a date. 
Farting sideways
Puppetry, that includes ventriloquism and marionettes. Anyone found in possession of any kind of pup
Just existing is enough. 
Mayonnaise 
Call me old fashioned but only capitalists and counter revolutionaries belong in gulags.
*Hiding* that you are gay. *Being* gay is fine, but if you're *hiding* it, you die. Forever.
Your eyelashes are too long, off to the gulag.
Watching anime
Not caring about global warming 
Wearing tight pants. They will be measured by putting a bottle through the pants. If they don't come
Pronouncing syrup (seer-up) as syrup (sir-up)
Being Jewish 
The Sopranos
Mr. Robot I mean all the intros are different, but I love their title cards
The first two seasons of Narcos 
Hawaii Five-O
Doctor who.

Watch a season premier with long-time fans. You’ll get nothing but people screeching ra
ATM Harvey Street Kids
Justified 
Firefly
Game of Thrones
Halt and catch fire, so simple yet so accurate about the theme and era of the show
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO4myLCfN-Y](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO4myLCfN-Y)

I don't 
Phyllis - 1975 [https://youtu.be/Dqq0whI2AtY](https://youtu.be/Dqq0whI2AtY)
Brooklyn Nine Nine. 

...Great, now the music’s stuck in my head.
Six Million Dollar Man. That intro alone is better than many shows.
Attack on titan, I have never watched a single episode though
I have a creative and strategic mind for lots of projects. Just lack the "get up and go"
Constant self sabatoge!
Usually toxic unsupportive people.
Reddit
The ever-present, crippling reality I live in where I believe nobody will ever relate to anything I 
My memory loss and it pisses me off. 
Games console 
My Gf,

I can make a lot of more money if i switch jobs, in my current field.

I learned NDT applica
My love of sleep
Money, with how expensive everything can’t really afford a place not school. 
Laziness. Or money. Or both. 
I myself, and also money.
I am. I don't push myself enough and I never take risks
Forgetfulnes
I lack proper discipline and as such am too easily distracted by drugs, sex, and video games. 
Long term head injury.
Depression.
Gravity 
Gravity
Complete lack of motivation to do anything
What potential?
Laziness and self doubt
My anus
Monkey on the car!
My brother’s autism is really getting bad these days...
Where’s dad?
OMG I'm sitting bricks
Me 
Give me whatever you have the most of.
What's green and rhyms with Ricardo.... ROCKMELLON
Look under the avocado. 


And


Ooh! That makes me knit tiny sweaters! 
Mind the step
Hey kid, you wanna see a dead body?
Ron the Pimp   
DAVE??!!
Looks like someone took the slow train from Philly. 
This ain't making a child nor a flagpole...
It's popping! 
Sij Sij means sausage 
I feel hot in my car. I feel hot in my car. I feel...

Or

It’s a bit...spicy!!

Or

Look what I fou
Prawn hands
YOU'RE a salmon cup!
The bees from Family Bargain Center only have one wing so they fly around in circles.

(Thanks for t
Reggie Winfield
Now, that's a DAMN lie!
Grandpas Juice
57
Oh haha yeah avo okay avo

or

CRETCHER

or

let's play fun!
You did a dad
"I'm sorry for the wait, *sir,* what can I get you?"
And there was a tsunami in Thailand? 
Scuba Diving Junior.

The Talented Mr Ripleys Believe it or not.

KILL IT!!!!!!!!


Red fox!
Saying "custard" randomly.
Sopen sleigh.
My birth
You know what they say about us [surname deleted]...we love the sauce.
With just my sister;


Upstairs, across from the sink.
Beef Beef *do a bad version of the robot at the same time
Going to Washington
It’s not dead, it’s dormant! 
The beard and glasses.
“IT’S A FOX” or “YOU IMBECILE”
Punching their food
"You know what my favorite [blank] is?"

"D'OH!"
Arms in the air!

Point them towards Stephanie!

Gobble Gobble Gobble!
It’s a hemorrhoid pillow!!! 
SHe shows up 2 hours early.
I have an algebra textbook from the 1800s, it's mostly the same from modern math but the idea of gra
My mom made a blanket for me when I was two years old. I'm 36 now. The blanket stays on top of my be
I have an Arrowhead that I got from an excavation in Israel. It's dated to be about 2300 years old.

My 1965 Beatles Help vinyl because I have a vintage vinyl collection. (There might be an older vinyl
I own a desk that was apparently salvaged of a ship that ran aground in a storm on the 31st of Decem
I have the original copy of my great-great-great grandfathers honorable discharge papers from the ar
I have a cannon ball from who knows when. It's a solid orb of iron about 4 inches across. I have it 
My house 110 years old 

Edit built in 1907 it’s in Canada, confederation of Canada was only 40 year
My dad gave me a torpedo shaped spring water bottle he found at work, the bottle is from about 1910-
I have an original printing of "Finding Yellowstone" written by John Muir. Print date is 1912. It fi
A 1937 English version of "Nazi Primer: A Hitler Youth Handbook".
When my grandma was younger she used to paint a lot. In every room of her house they are hanging all
I have piece of pottery Dated 3700 BCE from
Lothal Civilization!
That Makes it Approx 5719 Year Old!
A postcard from relatives in Germany to my great-greats in the US. I find it especially neat that it
 Uranium glass dishes.  they fluoresce under uv light.
My grandfather's blacksmith tools he made in the early 1900s as an apprentice. 
I have a magazine from the 1880s, a dime from 1944, and a piece of paper that our family tree was ro
A worn French coin from the 1770s or 1780s 
Nice try Mr Thief trying to get us to tell you our most valuable objects. 

Luckily for me the oldes
My body
When my great uncle came over from Norway in the late 1800's he made a wooden model of the boat he s
My wedding ring. It was my great grandmother’s  and is over 100 years old. 
A very political board game entitled, "Capital Punishment".
I have a piece of Roman pottery. 
I have a Mosin Nagant rifle that was likely used in WWII. I was born in Russia, so it's cool to own 
A crystal bowl that originally belonged to my great-great grandmother. No real story to it, just bee
A mantle clock made during Mozart's time (1756-1791).

It's a family heirloom and keeps accurate tim
My dad has a German dagger from WW1 and  I have book from 1939.

Our house is older than America.
Our family's legacy book, over 2000 year's old
Pieces of a mosaic from Roman ruins in Israel
Here’s a bit of a story.

I was living in Berlin with my 6 year-old daughter and my wife. The marria
A brass 1 sen coin from Meiji era japan, i think 1873?

A 1899 quarter. [Pic](https://i.imgur.com/P5gzg05.jpg)
I have my first teddy bear. I got it for my first Christmas when I was only a few months old. It the
My wedding ring was given to me by my grandfather, who was given it by his father and so on. Apparen
I have a copy of Dante’s Inferno with etchings by Gustave Doré. It’s over a hundred years old at thi
A picture frame with a picture of my great-great grandfather. He died in the beginning of October,19
I have one of the earliest semi automatic rifles ever made, it was made in 1911, the Remington Model
My violin. My great x2 grandfather made it. My family is not a wealthy family. It is my favorite thi
I have a few stereoscopic cards from the stereoscope craze of the late victorian period. Kind of a p
I got a 2000 year old agustus coin
I have a large map (A3 size) of the original area of Palestine and surrounding areas before the crea
I have two 100+ year-old tubas. I play for a living, and one of them is 100% usable in my career, an
I have a 2" pot from Mohenjo daro that the tour guide gave me (it seemed strange years later) when I
I have a vase that is now our family heirloom. We got it from another family during ww2, and then th
My Gram made me a stocking for my first Christmas back in 1977. Still have it because it reminds me 
I have a coin that was minted in 1032 or something like that. I left the coin at home with my parent
My baby blanket was a hand-me-down from my godmother's son. He is roughly 20 years older than me, so
We own a Roman lamp from the 2nd century AD. We have it because my husband, a professor of ancient R
My house was built around 1905, so probably that because I need somewhere to live.
My late grandmother’s cast iron frying pan, which she owned for 70+ years, and which she inherited f
My country house was started being built in the 12^th century. It's almost finished.
I have some books from the 1910-1920s. I like books. Old books in particular are very cheap and nice
I have a knife or dagger of unknown age that I found on the bottom of the sea when swimming at a sec
Great grandfather’s railroad watch made in 1915. 

He was killed in an accident at work connecting t
Some old notes and coins of many different countries. My mother and I happen to found by accident fr
Hard to say. A few worn down old Roman coins. Arrowheads. A few statues labeled as from Central and 
My grandparents had some renovations being done to the building they lived in and the excavating cre
My great-great grandmothers collection of cards she received throughout her life. Including many lov
I own a teapot from 1910.
My wife has jewelry from my mothers mother and from her mothers mother.
Maine License plate from 1907, I collect license plates.
I have a coin that’s 122 yrs old
I have a will from 1588. My mum bought it at an antique shop a few years back. We finally tracked do
Have a book written in the mid 19th century 
Some 100 and something years old clothes
Baby pictures of my grandmother 1922. 
Old wooden box my grandma's mum stored jewelry in.
I Have a Boy Scout Manual from 1943 (in pretty good condition). I got it as a gift from a teacher at
An 180 year old dictionary because I found it in someone's shed and bought it for 2 dollars from the
I have a ring that has been in my family for over 150 years. I think it's around that age. It's been
Probably a couple old hymnals from the 1920s. I love hymnals and when my husband and I were dating, 
I have a book from 1916 on how to study effectively (technically books are made by man, right?). Thi
I have a classical guitar from 1960. A family friend gave it to me cuz he saw that I was getting int
1883 quarter of a dollar
I got a rock it holds down papers on my desk 
I don't own it but it's my family's. There's a book that details everyone in the family, and goes ba
Likely my 300-year old French dining table set
My father in law (born 1947) gave me a rolling pin that his mother got from her mother. 
1950's Russia army Molnia watch that got here during the end of WW2
I have my great-great grandmother’s kitchen table and cast iron pan. I doubt they were new when she 
I have a copper colonial half penny from 1737 (give or take a few years because the coin isn't in th
A Winchester Model 74 that was made in 1947.
I got a piece of the Berlin wall my father gave to me
A rock-hard teddy bear. It has been going through generations for about 120 years. I keep it in a re
I have some coins from the Roman Empire because im a pack rat who likes shines metal things 
I’ve got a little Egyptian amulet of Bast, the cat goddess - it’s about 2,500 years old. 

Someone b
I have a pocket watch from 1827 and it still runs. Have it because it's been in the family for a lon
Right now I’m lying under my grandpa’s scratchy wool blanket from his Navy days, circa 1950s. Nice a
I have a silver dollar from the 1860's. It's quite heavily worn and not really worth much other than
I own a letter written to my great-great-great-grandfather in 1866.
A pair of WW1 binoculars, dated 1917, 102 years old.
My house was built in the 1860's. Also, I have a native American hatchet head that my grandfather fo
When I was 5 I made a classy mug. I'm 13 and why I still have it is because I used it
Not long before my grandfather passed, he gave away some of his possessions to people he wanted to h
I have a small collection of antique coins. Nothing of any major value, but some of them are very ol
I visited the Buenos Aires flea markets four years ago and picked up a policeman's two tone whistle 
I own some sort of metal combination lock (I'm told it was from China) but since I cant read the cha
I have a #7 Stanley plane that I've dated at about 100 years old. Still sharp. My house was built in
I have a map dated 1579. I have it because, hey--antique map.
Not as old as some stuff here but I got my great grandads rifle from around the WW1 area, he used it
WW2 dress sword. 
A French coin from 1863, I found it along with an 1891 British penny in the coin return of a Coinsta
Bronze age spear head
I found about 25 old records dating back to 1910 at my grandmother's house in NC before she passed a
I have a green and white blanket that is roughly 16-17 years old. She bought it for me before I was 
I have two trunks from my grandmother's house. I got them when she was clearing out her house in ord
I have a hide scraper made of chert, that I picked up on our ranch west of Austin. I have no idea ho
I have an Argentine Mauser model 91 that was manufactured in 1894 and is still in near-pristine cond
I have a coin minted in honor of the coronation of James II of England by the Order of the Garter in
Oo we have a dresser built in 1810. There is probably something older here but this one sticks out b
An 1862 United States 2-cent coin.
I have a very old bible my father gave me. It was given to him by his father, but it has a female na
I got a Yogi Bear mug with an Easter egg in 1989 and I've had it since. I wasn't over-protective or 
Not in my personal collection, but my grandparents have a journal from a family member from the civi
My husband and I got way into metal detecting when we were young and in our first house (built in 19
A penny from 1918. I kept it because it's cool. I got it back in my change one day. Wheat pennies ar
An arrowhead I found in a creek bed, probably. Not sure how old. Looks to be made of quartz, I dunno
I found an iron at a consignment shop. I couldn't find a date on it, but did some research and found
I own a postwar american flyer marksman train set from 1965
The first four Doctor Who comic books.

I'm a fan of Doctor Who. When my grandpa died (I was told he
I have a REALLY strange and old copper threaded ball from a power room in a bank that was being remo
I don't technicality own it, but my apartment is over 90 years old. It's a old place. 
My neonatal hospital ID bracelet, that states I was born on 14:38 Philippine time. I want to make a 
My grandma made my dad a blanket with all the presidents up until right after Ford was elected. My d
Not the oldest, but the most interesting.

We have my grandad's helmet from WW2. He was shot in the 
A huge machete from ww2 that my husband found in his moms house when helping her move. His deceased 
I have a pen in a small case dating from the mid 1800s. 

When I was about 5, I wanted to be an arch
The farm, that my dad and I live on, is more than 300 years old as my dad and I are the seventh gene
Probably a peso from the same year as the seige of the Alamo: 1836.
My PlayStation 1, 1994, I don't have much old stuff
I have baby pics of me from the 1980s.  I've lamented about this before, though, baby clothes of tha
A book by Jack London printed in 1975
This body I'm in because apparently upgrading in real life doesn't work. 
I own a spoon
I played tuba for 8 years in school and have wanted one since! Can’t find one in a price range and c
My car
It's in my pants....it's a chastity belt made by my great grandpa. Gives splinters. Like. crazy!
I have a few cast iron pans that my grandmother gave to me that were given to her by her grandmother
1936 Mosin Nagant 91/30

Probably have some older stuff, but the rifle is the coolest, still works, 
1. My house, built in the 20s
2. Because I have to live somewhere
I'd assume it's either my 1786 silver dollar coin, or an old undated pirate coin. I doubt I'll ever 
.30-40 Krag from 1894
Flint arrowheads. I have a few. Easy to find near where I live after the fields have been ploughed. 
1931 Canadian nickel. My grandpa gave it to me a few years ago.
My house. 1864.
My parents have a part of a Roman amphora ( a handle and the mouth) one of their friends found while
I don't know exactly how old our piano is, but the company who made it started in 1808. The professi
I have a 150 year old family heirloom vase. A family friend’s grandmother has an apartment in Damasc
Not me, but my old violin instructor. He had a violin that apparently was made in the 1760s, literal
I have a piece of the Great Wall of China. Slept in one of the battlements and it was just laying th
I have a map of Ireland from 1794.
Good friend of mine was in Europe a couple of years ago and gifted me a farthing made in 1733. That'
My dad has medals from the Irish War of Independence, so they're about 100 years old. 
A camera lens built in in 1959 (which makes it 3x older than me), I bought it because its built like
I have a set of wooden blocks with pictures painted on from my great aunts childhood, maybe 70 years
A taxidermied trout my grandfather caught in 1929.
I have some coins from Caesar, Constantine and other rulers. My oldest is from 223-300bc I think
Confederate $2 bill. 

I am a historian specializing in the history of the American South from settl
I have the bomb selector unit from a World War II Lancaster Bomber (alas it's 200 miles away in my f
Not mine....but it will be. 

&#x200B;

My mother has a table that is hundreds of years old. It has 
I had a quick look around the house and came to the conclusion that the oldest thing I own is the ho
I've got the head of an old stone-age arrowhead somewhere - I found it on an island in Norway in an 
I have a few books from the 19th century.

  


I have them because I like books.
I have a Spanish cavalry carbine that was made in 1904. I saw it at a gun store and also happen to l
I own a bucket from the 16th century. My mom took it home together with among other things a spinnin
Dagger with a rhinohorn hilt from the 1700's  my grandfather said it was made in socotra and my fami
I have a 1911 penny.
My bed is from my great great grandma, she used from 1906-1948 when she died. I am not 100% sure but
I have a car from 1932 
A Winchester Model 1887, 12 gauge shotgun that belonged to my grandad. It’s about 130 years old. 
One year for Reddit Secret Santa I received a silver French coin from the 1400s.
I have a Caligula-era coin sitting on my shelf right now.
Revolutionary War (US) era gun. I chose a few items from my father's collection before we siblings d
Somewhere in storage, I have a knife with an ivory handle. Don't know how old it is, but it belonged
I have a rusted horse shoe I found on a city trail near me. There was restoration work going on so i
I have a two handed meat cleaver with "1957" stamped on it.

I own it because "two handed meat cleav
Obsidian arrowheads found in a remote section on Nevada while prospecting a couple hundred miles Nor
My great grandmother's necklace, she loved making jewelry and putting them together, my grandma now 
A petrified forearm bone carved to work as a knife handle. You can see the marrow. We found it out i
A beautiful cherrywood dresser/vanity my great grandfather made. Its something like 120-some odd yea
My wedding ring is about 1000 years old. My wife and I are both medievalists, and when I sent her a 
A piece of the USS Maine. 
I have a small canon ball I found in a field in Utah. I have no idea how old it is but I’m pretty su
Mason jar from 1910
Gold $5 piece from the 1880s. Grand mother's gift for me when I was born.
I'm getting married a week from today. Fiance and I we're going through some memory boxes at her par
It was a mammoth tooth. Was given to me by my grandfather. I since traded it to an attorney for the 
I have a book that my 2nd great grandfather gave to his bride on their wedding day. The book plate h
I have a record from 1910. “Oh Holy Night”. It’s absolutely horrifying to listen to. The voices soun
Tintype photographs of my great-great-grandparents as children (circa 1840, I think). 

When my moth
A collection of Indian head spears and arrow heads. My grandfather used to find them on the farm whe
A Confederate ten dollar bill because for some reason my grandma who is in the deep South thinks I a
I have an old British coin from 1757.  Don't even really remember where i got it, but kept it becaus
Roman coin, an ex gave it to me as a random gift
I have a Native American axe head/cutting tool that dates between 500-2000 years old. Found it in a 
My house is 156 years old.

I made a huge mistake and bought a house that needs constant maintenance
I have a Roman coin dated to around 400 AD
African fetish. It just looks like a little wooden statue of a figure thinking, my parents got it fo
My Nanna's baby bowl. It would be nearly 100 years old now. 

Monetarily it's worth nothing. It was 
I have my grandpa's stamp album, which he left to me when he passed

I also have 2 other books he ga
I worked in the Sahara Desert in 1968, and one day, with nothing better to do, I climbed up to the t
Not as close to as old as some people's stuff, but here goes:

I was exploring my deceased great-gra
My grandma’s sewing box, which is filled with buttons and Knick knacks, needles and colourful thread
Newspaper from 1600. Left in the family. 
English coins from 1812 and 1869. 
My dad collected coins. He gave them to me. 
I have Australian ro
An AA sobriety token from my late sponsor.  Not sure why I have it though.
I have an arrowhead, quite a few actually, that are at least 300 years old since that’s when the Ind
A knick knack corner my great great granpa built.  I use it as a prayer corner and have my religious
An old hutch. It's been in my family since the 1890's. Still has the original locks and rounded glas
Ds lite
I have several old bottles from the Vancouver Soda Works (logos embossed into the glass) which I hav
A rifle that was built in 1899 by the Russian empire then rebuilt by Finland in the 30s. It was used
I have a book that's around 123 years old! It was my great grandma's oldest sister who owned it, and
i have a lot of old arrow heads and a German Bayonet that was taken off a dead soldier from WW1 
I have a 1902 Kellog wall Telephone that was passed down from generation to generation. 

I also hav
My life
I have some crocheted blankets made by my great great great great grandma. I got them from my great 
I have an old-school barometer of my great grandpa's that is probably from the 60s or 70s. I got it 
Our house which was built in 1870.  
I have a Nickel from 1898.  The oldest I have that actually sees regular use is probably my 8 inch G
I own a house built in 1955. Why? Because I'm poor...
1910 - Wheat Penny

&#x200B;

I also have a 1918, 1919, 1928, 1939, and lots from the 40's and 50's.
I have some artifacts from the American Civil War, including a minie ball.

I have it because I'm a 
A Mauser C96 that saw use during the Second Boer War and WW1 and still is in one piece, but definite
**A massive 65 million year old ammonite fossil**
1945 print of "The Revolution Betrayed" by Leon Trotsky

I've been building up a politics/philosophy
I recently got an Edgeworth Extra High Grade Plug Splice tobacco tin. I'm not sure exactly what year
The oldest thing I own is a 1933 National Triolian steel body resonator guitar. I love the old style
I have a wooden chair (that’s in regular use) that will be 100 next year.

Was my great grandfather 
I have a gold sovereign from 1909. My nan left it me in her will. 

I miss her...
Have an Aztec figurine my great grandfather found when working on construction of a railroad in Mexi
Either my house (built 1920) or my first-generation Kodak Brownie camera (sometime between 1900-1935
I have a couple of coins that are from the 1800s and a metal pencil from 1921. I also have a couple 
I call your arrowhead, and raise you a 6 million yo fossilized fishy. I have arrowheads too, but fro
I'm currently in possession of one of our family Bibles, copyright 1874.

It's got as much of the ol
My backpack. I've had it for over ten years and still use it everyday for school 

&#x200B;
Me. I am made by man. I own it because I have no choice. It's not so bad. Could use an upgrade thoug
Railroad spike. I think its my great (great?) grandfathers. Been passed down.
I have a Civil War era .50 cal. Minie Ball round.  A friend bought it for me on her trip through the
An apron, from an old best friends, grandma, from like the 50s (I wish I still had that friendship o
My grandpas old conductor's pocket watch, I believe is pure silver (might be wrong) but he got it as
A WWII US Army  ice-jacket. I have it because it was inherited from a great uncle, and it fits me pe
Not that old but i still eat with forks made in some eastern european country during the communist r
I have an old wooden soap box from 1911 (I think?). Thought it was cool and bought it for like, five
I have some glass pearls from the early viking ages, about year 800. 
I have a knife that my great great grandfather made. Antler or bone handle, I think, with a steel bl
It's an Easco Life Jacket Light from WWII...

https://jetartaviationshop.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/im
A Favorite Cast Iron Double burner griddle made in Piqua, OH sometime between 1916-1935.  I use it t
A large gold statue of one of my gods. A king apparently gave it to my Great Great Great Great Great
A toddler sized wooden rocking chair that used to be mine as a kid that my grandpa made ages ago. St
A Gucci watch my father gave me. He said he had he bought it when he was working in his first job, w
One of those big two-person tree saws. It's been with my family for as long as I can remember, thoug
My body

Wait no. Coin from 1920s
Blacksmith's vice. Have it because it's useful thing to have. 
1990's teenage mutant ninja turtles, batman, and pokemon pillow sheet. Fought my brother for them
I have a steamer trunk from the late 1800s (I believe it was made in the 1880s). It's a family heirl
I have an old navy surplus dresser from the 1950’s in my bed room and use it everyday. It’s super si
Probably one of the coins lying around my desk honestly 
I own a cast iron skillet that belonged to my Nuna (Hungarian great grandmother). She bought it new 
The first ipod 
A 1950's table saw/ jointer combo
I have a view master projector from the 40’s. It was a hand me down from my grandmother. In a simila
I have an original "Heavy Sixer" Atari 2600 from 1977. Made in Sunnyvale, California. 

I have it be
Comic book from the 1940s. It was on sale at my local comic shop and I was curuous.
A Razr flip phone. JK I do have some random old stuff.

1917 (I believe) Army Infantry handbook ft. 
I have a book that is older than WWI.  It is an elementary French textbook that belonged to my great
My father
An original copy of The Seven Lady Godivas. I have it because my granmda thought it could be worth m
Not as old as most of the things in this thread, but I have a BMW motorcycle from the early 80s - ol
A Beano book from 1964. The Beano (and The Dandy, The Topper, Whizzer and Chips, Oor Wullie etc) is 
I have a banana republic t shirt I got 12 years ago, that still is in great shape. Every other shirt
A soft leather copy of The Engineer's Handbook. Dated 1918, with a personalization of 1925 by a mids
Up until last week I had a can of coke that had a best before date of 1996. It was a special Man Utd
I have a late 70s "The Paul" electric guitar that I bought in an Arkansas pawn shop in the early nin
Not me but my grandma has a geographical dictionary from 1855. Pretty sure it belonged to her parent
I have the very first sewing machine my grandma bought when she was a teenager in the forties I beli
A wool coat from the early 80’s that I still wear.  
I have a pc that's about 10 years old
I have a Russian Samovar that was originally made in the 1800s. It was later converted to electric i
My SNES probably. 
A pair of socks that are about 50 years old. The toes and heels are nearly worn through, but since t
My mom used to work for an antiquities dealer, and I ended up owning a ushabti from ancient Egypt an
I have a piece of bog oak that’s 6500 years old and it’s also certified. 

I have a chip of a dinosaur vertebra given to me by a girlfriend that worked in a paleo lab at a mus
A photo from 1924.

It belongs to my stepmother's family. When she passed away, I got most of her pe
Very cool, I love ammonites... although not man-made.
Myself.
An Indian ax head I dug out of the ground. 
Myself
A knife made by my grandpa. He gave it to me before he died and told me I could use it to skin my fi
I have a hand axe that my mom found on an island. She says an archaeologist from the Smithsonian sai
Myself
They don’t make them like the used to!
My underwear.
This phone....fucking 2016 man
Life and bread bcs bread is good
Don't know if this is technically a commercial but youtubers promoting SeatGeek got me to download i
Probably [this](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ).
Not a teacher but former football and basketball coach. This is not true for all of “today’s youth” 
Floss, floss, fortnite, floss, fortnite, fortnite, floss, fortnite, fortnite and floss 
I am not a teacher but one thing I have noticed is the lack of independence. Lots of youth becoming 
A greater degree of focus on physical appearance, with social media playing a huge part in teens dev
youth: *exists*

me: 😤
Using their smartphones when eating rather than socialising. 
Wikipedia used as a source
Self entitlement. Be afraid of the next generation; they think they're special. 
Tik toking all the time 
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **an
well as a  Millennial,i think some of  stereotypes about us are true, however  spirit of the age wer
invest $0.93 in a bank. forget about it for 1000 years. Once i am out of money and working as a spac
Depends. Can I be killed? Am I indestructible? Do I need food and water and oxygen? Will I ever age?
Try to commit and see if that’s a loophole
Dump money into long term investments 
Teleport some bread.
Have an existential crisis. 
Create a time capsule full of stuff from today.
Travel to Afghanistan. If I'm going to have that much time I'm going to visit every single country i
Get depressed and jump of a bridge. 
Buy a good sword. 
Go back to bed. If I'm living forever I can do things tomorrow
live forever 
Freaking cry, wym? 
Cancel my life insurance. 
Cry
1. Always necessary to say its important not to get trapped. Spending a thousand years at the bottom
Start taking bets. 
Kill my masters.
Masturbate
like 50 tabs of acid
Walk around at night.
tell my mom
Jump of a bridge to see if it works
The first thing I'm going to do is take about 40 years to decide what the first thing I'm going to d
Eventually I'd become a science marvel; Somewhat of a celebrity figure I didn't ask to become. Mater
Leap off skyscrapers for giggles.
Go back to sleep
It doesn't matter what I do. If I will literally live for all of time going forward, then eventually
Go through the time square and do something awful so the police start shooting at you but then them 
Junk Food binge. Diets are fucking OVER.
Panic because I get to see my children die.
Be a sentient Chronicom
Try OD'ing like a mofo
Try different forms of suicide to see if I'll die or not
I become God Emperor of Humanity.
Pants down, helicopter celly
Your mind will want to give up and quit LONG before your body will actually give out. 

Often times,
I think we have this tendency to put parents on a pedestal (I can only speak to north american socie
Family is not everything, and you should never have to sacrifice anything about yourself for them - 
The fact that cannibalism would solve both world hunger and overpopulation
Even if you don't agree, be civil.
Life is unfair, the natural world is filled with violence and pain, you are owed nothing. 
Stop being so entitled. You don't deserve a damn thing that you haven't made for yourself. The only 
That everyone is another actual person. People seem to forget or ignore the fact that everyone they 
The World can suck and you lose.
The vast majority of people don't like you.  
Your first attempt will always be bad, natural talent is just dumb luck and doesn't really exist. If
Some people, through NO EFFORT ON THEIR PART, will have a much easier life than others. You are in n
I’ve said it before but don’t think you have so much time to ‘succeed’ 
You don’t, after 40 it’s all
Happiness is not common
Your parents are afraid and stressed out and are doing the best they can. They make mistakes too. An
Ugandan knuckles is better than big chungus
Apple is a lying cheating scummy company that over prices products and gives them less features
It is infinitely better to be alone and miserable than to be with someone that makes you miserable
Peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth.

I am being 100 percent serious when I say 
I’m trying to poop and can’t 
There was once a macho breed of manly men that is now extinct, barefoot American football kickers an
Reddit>Instagram
That you don't have to respect your relatives just because they are brothers and sisters of your par
How to set the dial on a washing machine. How to hang clothes after that. 
I. There's no such thing as unconditional love - not even from parents. People have barriers and bou
Feminism hurts both males and females
"War, what is it good for?"
basically everything that occurs to you is your responsibility and you are to blame 100%.

&#x200B;

This subreddit
A bag with 2 phones and a wallet 7 years ago. We found it on the playground while walking around wit
r/dankmemes tbh
Found a baby under a bush! (Alive)

Not sure how much they go for on the black market, but I assume 
A penny from 1908... worth a whopping $3 now
In 1997 my dad purchased a garden nursery that was on a big lot.

I went exploring and found an old 
A older ladies wallet  that she left in a grocery cart, had $250 in it and her home address.. I was 
Bought a used car and found an actual Rolex in it. 

Called the guy and gave it back he had no idea.
Shitty marriages. 

"Goodbye to your sex life/money/whatever if you get married!" 

And all the "I h
Everyone seems to be covering all the more sensitive topics, so I'll just share a small pet peeve of
Jokes made at someone's expense make me uneasy. I have a friend that's doing pretty well right now, 
anorexia or eating disorders. so many people joke that they “wish they were anorexic” or “oh, i forg
Males being made fun for showing vunerablility, emotions, being scared, “acting feminine”, etc. Main
Rape as punishment. If you chuckle about dudes getting raped in prison you’re a fucking knuckledragg
I hate it when people make jokes about stupid midgets. They're not big and they're not clever.
rape or child sex abuse...those things are never funny to me in any context
Basically mocking rape victims. It's pretty bad to mock a female rape victim. But it's just as bad t
Abuse/Self harm/Suicide I’ve experienced these things and have used jokes to cope, but sometimes peo
Autism

It's fucking insensitive and uncalled for. People can't help the way they are born and using
Mental health issues like OCD.

The amount of times i still hear people say ‘oh i just have to do it
Cheating 
Gay jokes where the punchline is that someone's gay. Not only are they pretty lazy, they can be pret
I really don't like people joking about drink driving, as in, downplaying the seriousness of it. I f
Virginity.
jokes about how offended millenials are

>"did you just *assume* my gender" 

>"lol soyboy millenial
Jokes about suicide and depression. It just makes these problems seem to be of a smaller magnitude t
- Rape
- Domestic Abuse
- LGBTQ (just let them be. How hard is that?)
- Disabled People
- Your polit
"DOn'T AsSume My GenDer HaHAh omG are yOu TriGgeRrEd nOw??" 

It just really annoys me because, in t
Comedy should be free of ideology or taste so none . I DO hate it when jokes are lazy or done for a 
Trans people. Cause a lot of the time, they have no idea one is near them. 
Person in my school was always joking about what he did "back in 'nam" and spew some bullshit.
Something not having a barcode and the customers makes the comment, it's must be free then! 
My massive tits.
The sjw comedy routine by the youtube skeptics got old real quick. The sjws are a small minority and
Rape. Just never found it to be something to joke about. I know too many survivors to find mirth in 
Domestic violence
Kids with disabilities I have autism and have to siblings with severe mental/physical disabilities. 
I absolutely hate when people joke about those with mental or physical disabilities.
Race
Things beyond someone's control
I’m ok with most jokes.
How people say "bro, that's so gay". When there's a gay person like me nearby it really makes me fee
GRR Martin's death. I love me some dark humour, but there's two reasons I fucking hate idiots who jo
I saw a bit where Chelsey Handler jokes about Down syndrome people. Nope! 
Kevin Spacey and other creeps
cancer. my mum went through breast cancer when i was in year 12, and hearing people say things were 
Suicide and sexual assault/rape.
Usually jokes meant to be funny don’t bother me. As i’m white and refer to myself as a cracker. But 
Heroin
Penectomy. For a while there a man losing his dick was considered the height of slapstick comedy in 
Donald Trump jokes.  I'm sick of not being able to talk to anyone without politics/Donald Trump comi
\# Blacklivesmatter. Like if you're watching a YouTube video of say a lion hunting a gazelle or some
Something negative happening to someone else. I don’t care if (s)he annoyed you. Don’t wish/hope (s)
Sidney Crosby being a diver and a pussy. All the highlights of his diving werent even that bad, not 
9/11 jokes. I feel like a lot of people who make them at either too young to remember, or live too f
*I'll tip you in the app!* - Right ..... https://youtu.be/shNk1_oH6d4
“Weird” people. I hate it because everyone is weird in their own way. Joking about someone because t
Self-deprecating jokes at the cost of the entire group that they claim to represent

Speak for yours
Drugs
I do realize that most of what has been stated are serious issues. Even if I myself and people I dea
I won't bat an eye at most humor, but for some reason Michael J. Fox Parkinson's jokes always make m
The War of 1812 and literally nothing else
If the joke is funny, nothing at all. 
Autism jokes. It often gets so over the top while they don't even know what it is.
That Louis C.K. joke about the parkland shooting was not funny at all. I don't get offended easily b
Australia being upside down. 

It so fricken cringy as an Australian myself to hear this constantly.
I'm overly sensitive about Canadian Stereotypes.

We're not all Bob and Doug Mackensie, okay? I've n
Genocide. 
Kitchen/sandwich jokes. Super overdone and unfunny by now 
Child abuse - literally joking about defenseless victims. It's not that they're lazy or anything, it
I despise when people say ‘kill yourself’.

When I was a professional driver I also hated it when pe
Alcoholics.  It's hard enough being one, the punch-lines about a problem that few have and fewer und
Snowflakes. The way they change their voice when imitating complaining sensitive people is annoying 
Not that this is a joke, but whenever a hurricane is set to hit where i live and it misses people se
Myself
I hate it when people joke about anxiety and depression. How tf is that even funny? 
Kids with cancer and the Holocaust. Everything else is fair game I'd say.

Being offended
Women and my large genitals, i was born this way
Autism.

I mean some autism jokes are hilarious. But when it gets too far...
Politics.  I have family members on both ends of the spectrum, and at dinner gatherings, some of the
Being pregnant when they're really not/fake positive pregnancy tests. Once was really big on April F
Amy Schumer humour, it's not funny it's just disgusting hearing about how gross her bodily functions
[deleted]
As long as it's funny, I don't care.
Midgets.

I don't like hearing jokes about religion. Over the years I usually hear Christians (not all of you 
Nothing. Anything is fair game when it comes to comedy in my opinion. But I'm not one of those "oh m
Anything. Just anything. Any joke can be offensive to *somebody.*

I think there should be serious, 
Nothing.  Comedy is art. Nothing should be off the table.  Some jokes might be outside of my comfort
Nothing. Sticks and stones.
Death. Like it isn’t funny. I’ve noticed a trend in social media. People will comment stupid shit ab
nothing. free speech is a thing, especially in comedy as long as the intent is to make a joke and no
Nothing, because I can handle a joke.
So, after reading through all this, I've realized that redditors are easily offended by jokes, perio
My wife & I got a tube of lube confiscated from our toiletries bag while going through airport secur
those subscribed to r/funny

and those with taste
Orangered vs Periwinkle

WE REMEMBER YOU ORANGE FUCKS!
team periwinkle and team orangered
Bastards and Smarty-pants
Big Chungus' and little Chungus'
Depends on the kind of music they like.
"best of you" foo fighters
Anything by the Black Keys or Black Angels.
If you haven’t heard of Bear’s Den, they are an amazing band. Songs like Agape, Writing on The Wall,
When my son was about 3, we where on a bus and he asked at the top of his voice if the black guy sat
I'm the child in this one. 

I once had an almighty tantrum in a supermarket. In front of my mum's n
2018
First Christmas without mom. And working retail. 
Huge family secret getting out. other family members being dicks. feeling ignored by my boyfriend wh
A persistent death wish
My mother. She is so selfish, since Xmas wasn’t planned how she wanted it she acted like a child and
Pissed on my step cousins asshole :/
Why are questions like this still popping up. 2018 was in the past man! Live in the now 
My own incompetence 
no snow
My job. 
My in-laws.  
Those bitches at work. 
Depression
Work

But, I'm betting that 48 hours of overtime next payday will help me heal
A lot of the presents I ordered via online shopping arrived late. Also ate a lot of food and felt li
I got sick so i had to stay home instead of visiting family 
People asking stoopid questions...
Music. I play for weddings, corporate parties, churches, bars, restaurants, basically anywhere that 
I tutor math for elementary school kids. Common Core teaching program in public school system has le
I have an Etsy page. I sell plant plushies 
I teach English.

Usually get around $40 - 130 an hour.
Failing streamer on twitch (name different not self advertising). It’s an impossible dream but the c
Don't need one, my main hustle game is strong enough :)
Drugs
The pollution of the ocean
Article 13
The fact were actively being distracted from the real issues by politics and the media
Housing crisis. 
Dress clothes, nice slacks, button up shirt
Depends on the church, really. In any event, something modest. 
Like others said it depends on the church. For example I grew up Roman Catholic and for the most par
Smart casual usually cuts it, unless it is a fancy church. Then perhaps slacks, long sleeves and tie
I wear an Hawaiian shirt, but my nickname for our church is St. Bob's the Informal.  

In short, eve
A Satan costume.
Anything that is casual and looks good, clean, and presentable like something that you will wear on 
Business casual should work in most cases but it really depends on the church and what type of event
Best to go naked just like being born. The church should respect that.....
Meeting the girl I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with
Was promoted to Manager in the restaurant I work at.
Aqua di gio
sweat
His pheromones
His sweat....and only *HIS* (my bf)
Bc everyone else stinks
Showered in fresh clothes with just a hint of sweat. Nothing smells better 
Why so many people looks the smell of seat? Have you never smelled Jimmy Choo Man?
My Dick
There's this thing called "bread". Give it a try.
Knives
Bath water
Try putting in some water after turning it on..  Works wonders. 
Bread
Sliced bread
Bread? 
Sliced bread.
Not knives - https://youtu.be/IPoJtt3X5SA
poptarts for sure 
Toast
Not giant. Easily cleanable. Large garage. Not too many rooms. Secret rooms. A fallout shelter. Offi
Underground!

Ever see a Quonset hut? One of those sheet metal buildings that looks like a pipe half
With a bunch of secret passages and secret rooms. Also, comfy.
Mansions are tacky. 

Give me a castle. 
Hooker closets. Need i say more?
I'm torn apart between something simple, a small dome or pyramid with lots of gardens, or something 
A big fish tank in the floors with a shark would be pretty cool
Everything.  Wait, my left eye is good.
My foot.

Broke it in a karate tournament about 15 years ago.
Feet and back
Literally nothing rn I’m blessed
My chest
Better than Trump
PUTIN IS 'DA MAAANN' 
* in Russian*
Beaty eyed little fucktard
He’s a bad hombre.

I wouldn’t mind if the CIA or MI6 assassinated him. Russia needs some regime cha
Jackass whose going to get us all into WW3 no matter who is running the US or any other country. 
[deleted]
I got fat, and I have these little red dots on various parts of my skin.  I’ve also developed presby
Everything is slower with no kids in the house. My husband and I get along really well. More things 
My eyesight went bad. My knee “clicks” when I walk. I’m tired by 9pm. 
Getting up at night to piss is annoying.
A few gray hairs, that's about it.  
That no matter what happens life’s gonna go on and all the times that we spend thinking what others 
Showing and expressing emotions is ok, as long as you always remember to keep yourself in control. 
Fresh caught lobster cut in half and grilled with Jamaican rice, fresh veggies, and fried plantains.
I was invited over to a dinner by a co-worker. A little old Mexican lady who barely spoke English, b
Wagyu beef.
Gambas al ajillo 
Fajitas 
Seafood chowder
Jollof 
Pussy 
Lawyer+financial advisor, not randos on Reddit.
r/PersonalFinance
Marry your friend asap
Financial advisor before anything else.
Financial advisor, real estate (to invest in not to live in) and definitely invest a large amount wi
He needs to find a lawyer he trusts that can refer him to a financial planner/professional in those 
Get him a lawyer to discuss this with
Well I tell you what, I could totally use my car paid off if he is feeling charitable ;)
It really depends what kind of personality he has but a good start for anyone is to start a savings 
Put some of it in a bank and let the interest rack up. 
C&C Red Alert 2
Sonic Adventures 2
Pay Day
Star Trek Armada I and II. I want to see these games on gog.com.
Tap Tap Revenge
Sweet valley high the board game. 
Crimson Skies
Yard Djarts.  Full metal jacket, none of that plastic crap.  Metal foot-long darts you would throw i
Star wars Demolition 
Battlefield Vietnam 
Banjo Kazooie or Goemon's Great Adventure on N-64
Club penguin 😂😂
Pogs
There was a game at the arcade called "The Grid" that I used to play all the time until they removed
Naruto-arena I played it a lot as a kid and even got ranked 6th worldwide. I don't actually like Nar
Some half decent phone games
Blaster Master.  The original Final Fantasy.  Breath of Fire.  F-Zero.
Runescape. I know that OSRS is a thing, but it is not the same.
Freddi Fish, but I recently found it again and spent some time playing it. 
Spy Fox in Dry Cereal
I don't know if it actually doesn't exist anymore (my sis told me it doesn't) but backyard monsters
Rattus Down the Dunny
Bugdom for the old iMac.
MAG

Massive Action Game Q_Q
Twisted metal and battle realms
Startropics 2 zodas revenge
Wizards and warriors for the NES 
Phantasia4
Bishi Bashi! Can't even find it in arcades anymore.
Bearville from the Build-a-Bear Shop. I loved that website so much. It's one of the only F2P games t
Claw 2
Smackdown vs. raw 
Mall Madness! My sisters and I will still imitate the voice. “Sale at the. Card. ShoP. Sale at the F
Used to play Bosconian at my grandpa's house (he somehow owned the full-size arcade cabinet). It was
Ok. Showing my age here, but in the 80s we had handheld "Game & Watch" LCD games like these:

[https
Lord of The Rings: Conquest. It was basically Star Wars Battlefront 2 but with lotr. Can't find it a
freddie the fish
Garry's Mod. Before the v13 and toybox update. Back when addons were actually kind of difficult to i
Gex and Gex Enter the Gecko. I loved those games.
Wolfensteins castle

Mafia city of lost haven

Revolt

Wildlife park 2


*the four horsemen of the a
Kick the can
All the old barbie dot com games
Super Mario allstars, but not the snes version the remake for the wii that I guarantee no one knew e
I cant remember much of that game but it's a Internet browser game where you are a triangle and you 
Spy vs Spy for original Xbox. Played that shit for hours with my older cousins 
Morrowind. I think it’s played on Xbox? I don’t have an Xbox anymore, I’m tempted to buy one just so
Five stones. You'd have to be at least 65 to remember this game.

&#x200B;
3D Movie Maker. 

It was the best back then but probably would be super lame graphics now 
There was this rodent ownership game for the Nintendo DS. It was pretty damn cute, you mainly had ha
That pinball game on the computer
Minecraft Lite
Pepsi Man
Interstate 82
Bishi Bashi
D.B. Cooper
they still don’t know *I* did it
Jack the Ripper or Zodiac Killer
The zodiac killer for sure. He was a crafty one
Your death
Bible John. He picked up his victims from the barrowlands in Glasgow and he targeted women on their 
Remember when you thought this was going to be us? 
You may have put a ring on it. But I planted the seed first.


*drops mic*
*ahem* "you couldn't pay me enough to do this" then walk off stage
she’s not a virgin, take my word for it
Well ... (insert ex girlfriends name) do you remember when I always used to say 

"You'll never find
"Well, since most of the other exes she invited haven't bothered turning up, looks like it's down to
Experience. 

Your first hardship is gonna suck. But after the 10,000th one.. you pretty much know h
Find someone, anyone, that you can talk to and be there for others when they need to talk. I am a fi
Music, Guitar, isolation, introversion ..
Sitting in my bed feeling lonely
With a smile and to said "fuck it all" plus weed. 
Writing down three things I'm grateful for each day. It keeps you looking at the good things you hav
weed and other stuff
Music and alcohol mostly 
Alcohol.

But seriously, I figure life may be hard but death has a much more limited appeal. There i
CsGo Knife for 80$ , I regret it every damn day...
Not one item, but totaling around 700 euros on league of legends. I don’t play it anymore...
I bought an unusual on TF2 for $300. Do I regret? Hell nah because my younger brothers are jelly. 
Fallout 4 and all its DLC. Unfortunately I don't have a computer beefy enough to run it yet.
Made it pretty big in real estate in the sims
A csgo knife. Gut knife Doppler phase 2 to be exact. Costed me around $120.
I don't make big-time purchases, but I do spend roughly $140 a year on Kingdom of Loathing.
a roblox item i thought it was cool i bought many years ago. i dont even know how much real life mon
Forza Horizon 4 Ultimate. 100€. 
I bought Alto's Odyssey and Bridge Constructor Portal for 8 Australian dollars each. Both are really
Over the last 5 years I have probably spent over $1500 on a mobile card game
The "I am rich" app
The most expensive game was Doom when it was on steam sale, the most expensive collection was the al
Spectral tiger
I spent about £10 on the pink Taric LoL skin back in the day and spent several games walking around 
Realm and Faction Transfer World of Warcraft by Acti.... Blizzard.

Like £45+ a pop.

Ive done it ma
10000000000 V bucks. 
Astro A50s gaming headset for PC and XBOX
There was this game I played for a while called LOVE Nikki. It was pretty fun, and I loved all the o
A large group of people came in from a local office building. It seemed like it was probably a dare 
Though I’m not an artist, I get tattooed and lot and hang out with a lot of artists at their shops. 
Not an artist, but my ex husband was apprenticing at our city's most prestigious place.  

This scra
Not a tattoo artist but I did some interview pieces on tattoo artists and this was one of the questi
micro managing
Former boss, actually. I was her secretary, when she wasn't around I would take messages so I told h
No.

My wife would probably object.
Yeah. As long as theyre a decent human, I'm game. 
I dated a model who appeared in Zoo and Nuts magazine many times. 

We weren’t together long enough 
Yup why not
Guy here, and i would absolutely date a parn star. There attractive and most likely take care of the
If Jessy Jones was retired and available fuck yes. Cuz he's smokin hot and can fuck.
Stoya seems like an interesting person who is absolutely my type.  I'd have no qualms about being in
R. Kelly.
The Night Santa Went Crazy by Weird Al
[It has to be this one - a little piece of heaven by A7X](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVjBCT2Lc9
Panic room 
Kill Kim by EMINEM 
"I wanna slit your throat and fuck the wound."
My brother walked in on my ex and I fooling around one day. He stood there stunned as we had all the
The kind that feel the need to one-up everyone else
Non-stop talkers that are uncomfortable with quiet.

They demand your attention, even though they ha
Passive-aggressive adults. 
The self-obsessed.  Problem with having empathy is you feel compelled to listen.  Believe me, they t
Unsupportive romantic partners. You’re supposed to help with the weight on my shoulders not add to i
People who see themselves as victimes whatever topic you talk about, and just want to complain, not 
People who turn everyone else's drama into their own drama. Like if a family member or a friend is g
Anti-intellectuals. Like people who don’t understand vaccines or think that the earth is flat. I’ve 
People who constantly complain about a situation that can easily be changed but do nothing to try to
Neediness. I have a friend who is 40+ who is the type of person that expects all her friends to be B
Anti-vaxxers. I live with complications from having a vaccine-preventable disease I likely never wou
People who constantly pull you up for your own flaws, but the moment you point out their own flaws t
People that use their mental health issues as an excuse to treat others poorly and not have to apolo
Those that talk *way* too much. Its exhausting trying to keep up with the words flying out of their 
People who put politics in every conversation
boring people that love to talk
The ones who challenge your opinions on small things. I told a friend I couldn't see myself moving t
Excessively happy and chirpy to the point of appearing to be chip monks.  My resting bitch face come
Chronic complainers and conspiracy theory junkies.
Narcissists 
People who don't understand jokes 
People that take every single thing I say as an insult or dig at them. Tell them politely about a ha
my father, he shits on just about anyone successful. he always sees the bad in everything not the go
People you can't argue with because the reject every argument.
People who only get in touch when it's convenient for them.
Overly loud people. Especially when there is no reason to be. Inside voices asshole
All of them.

I'm incredibly introverted.
The type that are hyper-critical of everything. I've learned to not give a fuck what people think of
People who aggresively change the subject in order to force their polarizing opinions and beliefs in
People who are deliberately obtuse just to get an argument out of you.
Know-it-alls 
The people who deliberately vote against their own interests (and everybody else's) out of some perv
Entitled people/customers. You do not deserve more and you are not better or more important than oth
People who only talk about negative things. They may not even seem negative themselves, but they'll 
To be honest? People with borderline personality disorder. They aren't bad people.
People who haven’t learned how to thrive as a single person.  There will never be a shortage of sob 
The attention seeking friend who is always "depressed"- not real depression but like "1 Direction br
People who overcomplicate and overpoliticize everything in the workplace. 
This is kind of difficult to place.

People who give feedback just based on their own feelings and e
People that are codependent and needy. I’m pretty independent and comfortable doing anything alone, 
Fake people
People who dont stop talking

People who are "dry texters" 

People who repeat themselves, at all. I
Liars. People that don’t own up to a mistake
Adults who look down on younger people simply for their age. I can’t control when I was born, fuck y
Those who talk very loud and screams in a high pitched tone for no apparent reason. I've been in tro
Most people drain me. 

Anti-intellectuals and bubbly people in particular are emotional vampires to
Toxic players in video games, even more when they are on my team.. Like some people come home tired 
All of them, apparently.
 Needy people are the worst. 
Negative, skeptical people who don't have e a good word to say about anything and constantly complai
People who actually talk over you. I tested it one day, to see how long... I didn't speak for like t
Students who need a therapist more than a teacher.

Parents who want a babysitter rather than a teac
Weirdos. I never knew how many people were just crazy until I started working. Like people just do t
The really, really nice people who are also socially awkward with no barrier. They're super nice so 
My dad
People uncomfortable with quiet and aggressively obvious attention seekers.
People who force their opinions on people and gatekeepers.
people who like to feel superior to others. specifically people who think their interests or lack of
People who talk or type with grammar mistakes. I few years ago I started eliminating the word "like"
I'm the "therapist friend." And I've had *many* people in my life come to me for advice who would co
everyone that boils all their problems down to "it's the government, man".

All the while I'm thinki
People who talk a lot and people who move a lot. If someone is super chatty it completely drains me.
People who act like they know everything. People who refuse to admit they are wrong. People who thin
people who talk about their issues and seemingly create their identity around the issues
People like myself 
myself
People who genuinely believe that catapults are the superior siege engine.
At this point all social interaction drains my energy
People who ask dumb questions.
Suburban moms with "perfect gifted kids" 

you know the ones. we see them on r/insanepeoplefacebook 
[deleted]
Only the living ones.
There absolutely is an element of skill with it.  It’s like the old “10,000 hours of practice...”
Overly condescending people.
Nursing students who love to gossip. 
Myself
Live ones. 
People that stop your entire class from progressing because they don't listen when the teacher expla
Anyone close  minded
Costumers 
what type do not is a better question

The people that make absolutely no sense when arguing with you.

\*My younger brother coming in to w
People that think that being young, gay and bitchy is a personality.

You’re good for a cheap laugh 
People who know the world is fucked. 

Me and my brothers and cousins have these terribly long despe
Adults who never learned how to stand up for themselves. There’s a HUGE, VERY FINE line between bein
people who drone on about one-upping and similar such buzzwords
Arrogant ones. Considering the most arrogant people I meet are also the most ignorant, it can be tax
People. 
Most types
People people
People who talk a lot, people who are 'super positive' about everything, people who like Justin Trud
The kind of people who see their point of view to be right and everybody else’s to be wrong and igno
People who have already made up their minds before they were presented with the facts.
People who always want it their way or don’t really stop to consider your line of thinking, but just
People with cluster B personality disorders. 
People who ask for the world from others but refuse to give anything themselves

People who don't kn
Everyone
People who can't hold a conversation to save their lives. I didn't put myself in a social situation 
As someone who gets depressed, I get very emotionally drained from other people who are depressed. E
Those with feelings 
People that never admit that they're wrong 
R/choosingbeggars
the ones who judge me for everything I do
People that go out of their way to cause drama and unrest between people, especially when they've ne
Non-stop negativity. Always dramatic.
Thick people. Now when I say Thick, I mean a specific kind of stupid. Not anti-intellectuals, I disl
People who talk about either their worst problems or the best things about their lives, never allowi
Narcissistic, self-centred, egoistic people. Basically everyone who only cares about themselves and 
Every type of people unfortunately. 
CONSTANTLY "'Im not supposed to have this' -10 minutes later- suffering consequences" type people. 

People that like to make a big deal out of everything and argue about irrelevant shit. 

I have an a
People who _________.
Redditors
Those who feel that you don't spend enough time with them or check on them on an almost daily basis.
“My life is so hard”, “whoa is me” types of people. We all have stresses, Susan. Yours isn’t anymore
White people who start conversations with me asking, “So, where are you from? No, where are you *rea
Memers who constantly meme and have no identity outside of random cultural references people will in
I had a friend who asked me for favours all the time. It got to the point where any conversation cou
Couples who are very touchy feely. There’s something about hand-holding and giggling that makes me w
Cringey kids. Like the ones desperate for friends or attention and try to talk to you when it's clea
Giggly drunks
Complainers and people who always make the conversation about themselves. 
My mother
The ones that are 
People that don’t try to have a two-way conversation. I admit I’m a bit of a narcissist, but I try t
People whose only personality trait is snarky asshole.

People who are never pleased with anyone or 
People with no filter. When you call them out for being rude, they always use that excuse to get out
Depressed people. (Sorry. Kinda.)
My emotions are drained
Folks who don't get sarcasm, people with too many assumptions, people who think they have the entire
I used to hang around with someone who just lied insessantly.

Hed tell the same story multiple time
People, in general. 
Live ones, dead ones are pretty draining too. Guess people just drain me.
Super chirpy attention-seekers. I doubt I could stay in the same room as Jim Carrey for longer than 
Hypocrites.

Because they are basically disagreeing with themselves but are so God damn self assured
People who are desperate for approval. I feel like every second of the conversation I'm being nonver
People who will whine and moan about their life problems, which are usually a product of their own d
People named "Robbie".
Anyone who wants to leave the house.

&#x200B;

Or the "Popular" people at school.
all of them. 
I'm a good listener so if someone really unloads their shit on me and don't want to listen a bit in 
Passive-aggressive men
People
All of them.
Compulsive Liars like my girlfriend 
All of them 
The kind that exist in proximity of me. 
The breathing kind.

I'm an introvert.
Humans.
Pessimists  
people who use dry sarcasm. i just don’t understand it and feel the need to smile so i don’t a) look
Bonkers
Chewbarcca
Cornelius 
Dog mcdoggy
Chungus, BOY! This is getting to be a great list already!
Niles or miles
Cheddar, Peanut, Porkchop. I’m sorry I just find food names to be adorable lol 
Chucky 
Fucker
Zeke.
Nicolas Flamel
cause i dident put any up
Less effort for next year
I was about to but then I got high.
I'll get to it, ok?
Husband had always requested that his mother keep them up till his birthday, and now I get to carry 
Because yesterday was the 12th day of Christmas, so I will be taking them down today.
12 days of Christmas is just ending! So I'll take them down in the next couple of days.
Be claus I got high
Because we all have flu.
Because I didn't put them at first place
YouTube. 
Shane Dawson

He was pretty cool with the conspiracy theories and fatal carnival ride videos and fun
FPS Russian, but that’s mainly due to the fact that he’s in prison. 
Smosh without a doubt 
Jenna Marbles
Call your family. I'm sure they'll be pleasantly surprised.
By reminding myself it would take but a half-hour around my family for me to get my fill, and any vi
FaceTime and making new friends. Making new friends makes a huge impact on that. 


Alcohol and bad decisions when sending texts.
It happened to me long time ago. Man, it hurt so bad. Call your parent/grand, say whatever. I think 
It helps me to talk about it.
Feeling homesick is horrible. I hated it. But it does go away and you find comfort in your new home.
Buddy at work spent 20,000$ on his dogs. Dogs alone costed like 4000+ for two dogs then he spent a b
Our dog that adopted us was pretty sick when we got him.  First month total was about $750.  
Not me, but my dads girlfriend used to spend like 2000€ on dogs just to buy them. So no toys or food
My 8 year old mini pinscher developed diabetes and went blind from it. We had to get his eye lenses 
It’s a long story... but I ended up paying $1,700 for dental work on my dog. I think that’s more tha
Feel happy obviously, probably invest in property 
You will get taxed
I am sure it feels okay, I will get more savings/investments.
Hookers and blackjack
Gun toting fat rednecks
Polite 
Everyone lives with snakes and gets eaten by spiders
Ladyboy..
That we're all tall, blonde and blue eyed and know how to ski.
[deleted]
That we all drink beer everyday 
Thanks to the movie Deliverance, many people think that you are certain to be raped by a redneck if 
We are just cold rednecks.
pretty standard - saw some kinky text messages in her phone
I once had an ex who went to a titty bar and his friend showed me the video of him making out with o
Saw him texting her. She said I miss you. He was sitting right next to me. I mean wtf I’m right here
When he brought her to my house, while I was home. What a dumbass
We were teenagers. Just ordered pizza and fries earlier. Had the pizza, did the deed, we both felt d
We were drunk and high and had zero moisture.

Ouch and ouch.
I got drunk and let him pop my black cherry. I found blood on his dick in the morning I was able to 
Her shit on the sheets. No ass play was involved. 
no homo
“Let us cross over the river and rest under the shade of the trees”- Thomas J. “Stonewall” Jackson
voltaire's last words were "now this isn't the time to be making enemies" when asked to renounce sat
Walt Disney wrote the name "Kurt Russell" on a piece of paper.     Russell was a child actor at the 
Someone famous must have said "OK, one more won't hurt."
The baby’s skull is made of plates that slide under one another when passing through the birth canal
Poop happens. The nurse literally massaged poop out of my wife before the birth. 
That she might die
If I'd known how long I would have to go without a meal in the hospital I'd have eaten beforehand.
