15 mil and 5 mil throwaway accounts 🤣🤣
when do we switch places with facebook?
Isn't this a default sub?  
Too bad the admins are all a bunch of over sensitive pussies 
r/Pics mods: Hey guys we reached a notable milestone! Isn't that neat?

r/pics users: >:(
nobody cares
Hello, it appears that this post is a progress picture... /s
That's funny came here only to unsubscribe from a sub that is automatically added via the app even though I've never visited before! Only another 10 to go!
Isnt this shit a default sub so it is meaningless

Also enforce some damn rules every time I see this sub in r/all it is a facebook post, it is embarrassing 
It's a default subreddit
can you add a rule about reposts/stealing pics? like... come on. 
Can we apply to become a US state soon?
😮 *itsert Joey WHOA*
So guys, we did it.
lol do you really feel special about that? Nobody chooses to sub to this page, its a default lmao.
nice man 20m! congrats
1/20,000,000 🤣 
Passed 20 million subscribers like a kidney stone?  I hope it wasn't too painful.
Yay!
So now it's time to party..

Hurray Here's >!NOTHING!<
This subreddit is huuuuuge
Congrats.
Congratulation 
Congratulation
That many “thirst people “??????
congratz. unfortunately, I'm having just 55 subscribers in YTB
Not much at all
Nice
Its time for celebration....
Maybe because you’re a subreddit that people get automatically subscribed to? Cmon now.
🎉
[deleted]
victory royale
in 1955 my dad was 4 years old in one of these himself, but he beat it.  He's a wreck now but he lived and had a family and still has one good strong arm he'd happily swing at anti-vaxxers all day long.
”You will never get this, you will never get this!”
Nurse: “Haha! You gon have a miserable life from this disease that no one will have ti deal with ever!”

Anti-vaxxers: “i got u fam”
Did anyone else think the chamber was his chest and he had no arms or legs? 
*Photo Credit: Polio Canada/Ontario March of Dimes.* 

Write up from the Smithsonian Institute: 

> In this staged photograph, a nurse shows a newspaper with a headline about the polio vaccine to a man using a chest respirator. There is an element of cruel insensitivity in what is taking place. The nurse seems oblivious to the psychological impact of the headline on this man who was unable to benefit from the vaccine. But in the context of 1955, this image captures the intensity of the relief that people felt when an effective vaccine was found. For the nurse and many others, elation over the existence of an effective vaccine trumped every other emotion. 

&#x200B;
I was born in 1964. My neighbor, a schoolmate and neighborhood playmate, her father was in an iron lung at home, [like this](https://www.woodlibrarymuseum.org/museum/img/Emerson-Respirator-m-art1.jpg). He was allowed out on a short period of time a day, and the only thing he wanted was his back scratched. I'd go other there with her and a couple other friends and scratch his back for him. I was like seven or eight years old. Also interesting is the iron lung was one of the first *true* home medical devices. 

And, there's this:

>Years later, when Jonas Salk was asked whether he would patent his polio vaccine and make a fortune, he replied that the vaccine belonged to everyone, making the comparison, “How could you patent the sun?”

Harvard had tried to patent the Iron Lung, to make money of course, and lost the case. 

>In the 1930s, Philip Drinker and Harvard University (where Drinker was a faculty member) took John Emerson (who built a lighter, quiter, less expensive model) to court, claiming he had infringed on patent rights by altering Drinker’s iron lung design. Emerson defended himself by making the case that such life saving devices should be freely available to all.
“Thanks Karen, but what the fuck does that do for me?!”
I would highly recommend watching this video if you want to know more about the ramifications of polio.
 https://youtu.be/gplA6pq9cOs 
The dude dodged a bullet. Imagine getting autism instead of being a cool looking half robot. 
Fun fact, funding via FDR's March of Dimes helped create a polio treatment center in Georgia, and one of the children to be helped by that center was Kentucky's very own Mitch McConnell. Who likely survived into adulthood because of it. 
"If polio's so dangerous how come nobody I know has died from it?"

\-Anti-vaxers
Sheesh. Why not just roll it up and smack him with it. 
Can you imagine a mom not willingly vaccinating her child and telling this guy she is proud of it?
My first instinct was, ouch. Then I thought, maybe this guy had conversations about this with nurses, and when the news broke, they knew him well enough to know that he would want to see this. 
Someone please photoshop this with Jenny McCarthy holding the paper with the title, “Vaccines Cause Autism”. 
isnt this somewhat harsh?
"Oh, that's wonderful!  When can I get my shot?"

"Oh, no...this is for people who don't already have it.  Psych! Not yours."

"You're a horrible person, Nurse Ratchet!"

"Well, I'd love to chat, but I have to go eat a candy bar in the Diabetes Ward."
Like standing at the bottom of the twin towers on 9/11 holding a parachute.. what a bitch!,
The news article might as well said "Fuck you buddy."
I know this isn't very nice of her but I think maybe he was happy that other people were saved the pain he was. He must have seen plenty of people, including children, suffer what he did. 

And in 1962 Robin Cavendish and Teddy Hall invented a wheelchair with a mobile ventilator. This man might have benefitted from their work in later years when the design became more widely used.
My MIL has Polio and has lost all use of her legs at this point. The vaccine came too late for her. She is in crippling chronic pain all the time, and it affects her mood and outlook on everything, barely able to enjoy her children and grandchildren, withdraws and isolates herself because of it. 

Now a new polio like disease is popping up across the US. CDC calls it a Acute Flaccid Paralysis. 

Seeing my MIL makes me glad they developed a vaccine, this new outbreak is scary AF after you see what the true effects are long-term.
Neener neener!
1956, first case of autism reported.

*antivaxxers probably. 
Nurse:  "Isn't it ironic?  Don't ya think?"
Anti-vaxxers TRIGGERED!
Vaccinate your damned kids
But he'll get autism! /S
And I'll bet you dollars to donuts she's not telling him, "Aren't you glad that you didn't get this vaccine?  Now you don't have autism."
Better than the headline underneath.

"Plaster face identifies slain women's skeleton"
Vax is life
I think I hate anti-vaxxers tbh.  And I don't really feel bad about it.
So my uncle, born in Germany in the late 60s, just spent about half a year in the hospital as he was diagnosed with polio. Turns out his mother didn’t vaccinate him (and she still claims that the polio vaccine was not available in central western Germany) in the early 70s. 

My uncle just spent more than 6 months in a fucking hospital and is now “cured“. He still has no energy, can’t walk straight as his leg is fucked up and will have to walk with a cane for the rest of his life. He will also never be able to work full time ever again.

Fuck polio and fuck anyone who thinks it’s a “simple” disease worth contracting.
i was always under the impression that vaccines only work if you take them *before* you get sick. no?
Soon we will have a headline that says "polio returns thanks to anti vaxxers"
My grandmother lost her 9-year-old brother to Polio in 1943.  She was 11.

It tore up her mother and she never recovered from his death.

When I see anti-vaxers I just become irate.  They don’t know, but if they keep it up they will.
r/2meirl4meirl
This photo brings tears to my eyes. Eradication of polio perhaps the greatest human achievement. Maybe tied with Apollo 11. 
But still, 'muh vaccines cause autism' and all that.
 But now people will get autism. /s
This is something how I, HIV+, will feel when they come up with a vaccine for HIV.  Thankfully, with modern medicine, my iron lung is just a few pills I take daily, with minimal side effects. 
Anti vaxxers: Oh, i don't think so...
The guy who was a paintsprayer in the garage next to my mates shop had Polio withered legs and arm.
He would tape the gun to his arm and had the pressure turned right down or it would just spin him around when he pulled the trigger.

He had this total fatalist attitude to life.
He was spraying with two pack and in big lette4s on the can..Do not smoke while spraying..because the hot cigarette will turn the spray into arsenic.

He smoked the whole time.
"too late for you though..."
My mom and my uncle survived polio. My uncle had a huge hunchback from it and my mom had one leg shorter than the other. Listening to her stories of her recovery process  as a 7 yr old are heartbreaking. Wouldn't want anyone to have to experience that. Vaccinate your kids!! 
Little did that Paper's publisher know that in 2018/2019....
At least he doesn't have autism
And then he was like, "well it's a little too fucking late now, innit!?"
God damn anti vaxxers trying to ruin years of progress because they havent had to see the consequences first hand...

Humans can be so stupid. Hold our hand in the fire to see if it is hot.
Anti-Vaxxers here on Reddit just casually kept scrolling after seeing this. 
##THIS IS WHY YOU VACCINATE!!
That nurse is savage
This pic should be put up everywhere. Increased measles or chickenpox outbreaks due to antivaxxers are still manageable because they are usually not life threatening or permanent disability causing. But polio is shit. Like it will fuck your life. India has just received it's polio free status. OPV is a boon to mankind.
Damn. Rub it in why don't you
My grandpa passed away on Dec 20th but managed to live 77 years with Polio.... it's a crazy disease. Makes me want to smack antivaxxers. 
Honest question: when's the last time the world has had a headline like this? I don't know if I've seen one in my lifetime (I'm a 90s kid).
Can se show this photo to the guys that don't believe in vaccine? 
Some cinnamon buterr essential oil will fix that right up /s

My pediatrician when I was a kid was older (so older in the late 80s/early 90s). He saw so many kids during his career die from preventable diseases. I remember him checking my neck each visit to check for meningitis. Any new vaccine that came out (I had already had Chickenpox by the time the vaccine came out), he would recommend I get it. He saw kids die and was alive to see the miracle of vaccines and observe the progress of how vaccines saved people. 
Isnt this kind of fucked up? The vaccine cured polio but he will still have polio. Its like showing a cancer patient that there is a cure for all cancer but not his.
"You can relax now.  The rest of us are going to be okay."
The original ben swolo
And here we are half a century later and Polio is still alive and well killing or disabling children and poor people...
And this is why you vaccinate.
Yeah.  But what about autism??   /s
Is this supposed to be a snarky and snide post about anti-vaxxers?
That dudes like “what the fuck good does that do me now?”
And he's like: "Just give me the damn vaccine already! We can read it later."
Mom got it at three.  She was furious at the antivaxxers
Somehow this seems cruel to be shoving that headline in his face. Like 'hey buddy, if you could've just held out a few more months before you got sick, you wouldn't be in this predicament!'
"Congratulations! You'll be the last person to die of polio!"
Better that iron lung than a vaccine injury! /s
This is why we are lucky to live in the time we do. We won the lottery. 
How are iron lungs connected to people’s body? Also how do they get out of it as many stories on here share how people can leave it once or twice during the day. 
This seems kinda cruel to show him that
Anti vaccers: ayyyyeeeee we back!
Post this in one of those anti-vaxx Facebook groups.
Different type of person back then, better sense of community over self, this guy was probably thrilled that no one else would have to suffer what he is suffering.
A little late for Lenny! 
That would’ve depress me so much.
Wow what a dick nurse "Guess you're wishing they'd figured that one out a few years earlier."
Why do Trump-voting conservatives want to go back to the days of the iron lung? What about having polio 'Makes America Great Again'? Why do you Bible-thumping, fundamentalist shits hate vaccines and anything else-science? Why do you chastise it as a socialist LIBTURD plot?
What a bitch!!!
Nice! Is that the same nurse who taunts burn victims with headlines like "Smoke Detector Invented"?
he looks so happy because he doesn't have autism

edit: I didn't know people sorted by controversial, guess they do
So, maybe this is a dumb question, but does the vaccine cure people who already had polio? Or is it used to simply help defend against it? 

Because if it didn’t cure someone with the disease... then this photo comes off a bit less “aww” in my brain.
That’s a kinda shitty thing to show him.
It was gone and now it's back! 
Tell me more about this plaster face. 
“It’s too fucking late, Judith.”
Ouch
"Oh. Swell."
Here's what you could have won!
well fuck a little bit late on that one

That man would later go on and cure Cancer
*Curb your enthusiasm theme starts playing*
Oh nice an iron lung 
R/thanksimcured
Not autistic though.
So the vaccine won't be able to help him, right? It's preventative and not a cure with restoration properties.
"A little late for Lenny...." 
Juuuuuuust missed it.
I wish that nurse would show it to the current anti vaxxer crowd!!!
at least he got no autism
/r/wowthanksimcured/
