Finally a President willing to call it what it is. Islamic terrorism 
Oopsies. Sorry r/[Redacted], did we kill one of YOUR heros?
Next step, remove word radical to tell absolute truth. Its not radical islam, it’s islam
Sunday morning wake up call for all of the haters and losers!
>Radical Islamic Terrorism

Redundancy detected. Nowadays, any of the 3 words mean exactly the same 
https://www.breitbart.com/news/pentagon-airstrike-may-have-killed-uss-cole-bombing-suspect/
 
I post
How will liberals protest this?
Now do USS Liberty!
BEST PRESIDENT EVER!

#TRUMP TRAIN
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM. Won't hear those words out of the msm. 
Fuck yeah!
Oops did we kill another WaPo contributor? Here comes a Times magazine cover.
Hell yeah! Kill every single one of those fucks
Put a stop to endless war. 17 years. Nothing to show for it 
Thoughts and prayers go to no one since we are infidels.
My man!
#GEOTUS DROP MOABS E'ERYDAAY.
GEOTUS is best POTUS
He should tweet the left's quotes from the past on border security every day. And leave the year off
GEOTUS tweets first thing on a Sunday morning is proof that God loves us, and is with us.


Democrats have a long history of being anti-illegal immigration. It’s only until Trump started advoc
Dems don't want to hand Trump another accomplishment OR they have been lying to the American people 
Haha he's making them all admit that they want border security. Even Krassesntein replied suggestion
Here’s the thing. They said all these things just to appease sane voters. They were all lies. Just t
Twitter replies:

"You're lying again!!!"

And my favorite,

"The REAL reason for the wall is to kee
Your Barracks are under attack!
Hypocrisy: Liberal be thy name.
["Barrack"](http://archive.vn/dcDWh)
The core strategy of the Democrats since at least the 60s has been *divide and conquer*. 

They've h
In my opinion Obama and Hillary were pandering at the time they said those things they had no intent
How come I'm seeing more Trump supporter replies in the tweets? Is twitter trying to cover up its ce
SJW libtards love showing off their old Trump tweets but here comes some real evidence of leftist hy
i still can't believe Americans elected people that oppose border security, it is so basic yet someh
STOP USING MY OWN WORDS AGAINST ME. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
TROLL LEVEL 
#Over9000!!!!!
He sleeps 3 hrs per day. 
Everyone wants it until a real
American President gets it done .....thank U President Trump 
If a wall would secure power for the Democrats they would have it approved overnight. If blanket dep
'Forget what we said before, we need illegals to vote and be counted in the 2020 census' -Democrats
KEEP IT UP! DONT LET UP!
Keep it up, GEOTUS!!
More of this! 
"And you *believed* us??? Idiot." - Barack 0bama, that cunt
Back when Americans voted for them and not illegals.
"What do you mean you used to be a Democrat?! How did you go from supporting Democrats to DRUMPH?!?"
Thank you Mr President! Keep exposing those frauds.
What Ever It Takes To Get That Border Secured Must Be Done NOW.
This is just proof that the democrats are just flip flop obstructionists.

I’m happy he is calling these cucks out on their hypocrisy, finally. 

It was going for two years an
FUCK YES.

How can any sane person not read this tweet and realize the Dems are putting politics bef
If there's a video out there documenting all the flip-flopping Trump's opponents have done over the 
Nazis don’t you know that before 2015 walls were fine, but now they’re deeply RACIST and PROBLEMATIC
BUILD THE WALL ALREADY UGH.
This post was crossposted to r/Conservative by u/chabanais ( [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conserv
Oh, how the times have changed. 
"I support extreme vetting," Hillary,  2016 presidential debate (can't remember which) 
Love this President 
Yes yes yes lets go. Show them me President. They say one thing then they do another. All talk no ac
When this gets brought up I'm sure their default NPC response is - "But they didn't want to separate
Barrack 🤣 such a shitposter
What’s the difference in numbers between illegal immigrants that cross the border and those that jus
wonder what would happen if he retweeted a tweet from democrats for border stuff??  
I can see tweet
But I heard democrats don’t care about border security?
He should build the wall without the lefts approval. Remember when Obama took money to Iran to rescu
Lets see either of them try to refute this. What are the chances that both of them will simply remai
Do you think it would be more practical to use that money to hire more boader security personnel alo
This post was crossposted to r/POLITIC by u/StillANNONin ( [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/c
National Security directive. Military builds the ENTIRE wall and it's a double barrier  the entire b
Construct that steel slat barrier!!!
Why doesn't he just come out and say it already? The Democrats don't want border security. They are 
Walls are effective and permanent. Both of those ideas terrify the left. They lose the America hatin
When trump builds the wall, the people will realize that crime has gone down, re-entry by illegal me
So correct me if I'm wrong, but arent most all illegal immigrants just people out staying their visa
It still amazes me how far we've fallen as a country thanks to Democrats and complicit Republicans. 
Deep state doesn't want it.

Standby for the first act of mass violence from a "disgruntled" governm
Walls not working is one of the more absurd things we've had to debate this timeline. 
#ILoveThisMan
The more I witness the Trump presidency, the more I'm convinced that Dems legit want to see America 
The Democrats don't want a wall for the pure reason they want to turn the whole American (north and 
Dems goal is a permanent underclass who will vote them into office in perpetuity. Open borders will 
The cost benefit analysis of this measure are *very* clear.

The wall will pay for itself within thr
Is NOBODY going to mention that this was discussed by Pedes in a top post in this sub just 16hrs ago
He is literally tweeting this EVERY day and no one listens instead the only talk about the brown ski
If walls do not work then they all must be torn down, around the prisons, politician's houses - Pelo
IF THE EBT CARD HOLDERS HAVE TO GO ONE WEEK WITHOUT FOOD EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM WILL GET SHOT IN SEL
Had a very ‘spirited’ discussion in r/politics regarding the wall and how at least someone has a con
The left does love violence. 
THIS WILL LOOK LIKE THE MOVIE THE PURGE-I SHIT U NOT
Imagine an America where there is no illegal immigrants, incredibly low drug problem, and as a resul
Will it though? 99 percent?
Hey, anyone: if ultimately Mr. Trump arranges to NOT have much or any portion of a physical wall bui
>The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 

This!👆

Demon-rat traitors a
UNIPARTY SWAMP have been PRETENDING to fight for a wall since before Reagan! It was ALL BULLSHIT! No
What the Liberals don't want is TRUTH
Lets get it done Mr President.
Okay, but this just isn't true, regardless of your political views these claims are just blatantly f
Agree with everything but crime. They commit more but aren't even relevant in numbers. Crime would g
These people are SHOCKED when they hear a conservative perspective. Often hey have literally never h
People today don’t know how many states there are, don’t know historical events ! but they know Whit
I've been having this conversation a lot.  I actually believe most people can be brainwashed. If you
"Fox News and all the other right wing media have them all brainwashed." ~ r/politics geniuses. 


To be honest, both parties were bad until Trump.  Having two parties is just an illusion of choice. 
I have to deal with people telling me what conservatives think all the time and I just sit there and
aMeRicA wAs nEvEr gReAt REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Sounds a lot like my middle school 
If this is referring to your avg Republican and not most of our worthless politicians I agree. Works
This is similar to every news outlet bashing the president 24/7, but yet lonely Fox News is the “pro
As a dane, i can confirm this is happening in our schools too. 
Is that deadpool in the audience watching the band?
But but but we're just no-platforming hate speech you bigot!!!!
“You watch too much Fox News”

*Goes back to browsing Reddit and CNN*
Commenting so the shills stalking my profile will see this post. 
Fox news
This is 90% of redacted. 
Antifa loling cause oldest member is 24 years old with 2 weeks work experience as "Sandwich Designer
BUT HES FIGHTING AGAINST RACISM SEXISM AND FASCISM OKAY??? 
It's Joey salads
Shes also a member of the NY house
I'm a 30 yr old home owner and I'm on the Trump Train, baby. No brakes! 
"Er, ehm, uh, excuse me, that's *failed* billionaire"

-soyboys everywhere
Holy shit. My mom came into my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and I literally screamed 
"It's the white man holding us down!" said the white Marxist.
Joey salads got the glove on to SWING!
Joey salads is a questionable character but god damn hes right! 
Trump should show them libturds by paying the measly $5 billion and fund the wall himself!!!
I honestly do not understand why so many people claim to hate Trump.These people act like Trump went
Our billionaire President who is married to a supermodel and pays off playmates to stfu but their af
Lmao my boy Joey Salads! I love his channel!
And there is a fat blue haired ugly whale pointing out our  FLOTUS’ “fashion fail” 
Probably a federal worker who isn't getting paid and has nowhere else to live
Based joey salads
I have a very liberal friend that fits this. 30+ and lives at home with no desire to contribute to s
My 29 year old ex wife has talked shit on Facebook. Guess where she lives now....fucking love it. 
I bet there is far more than one, like that tweet suggests but I agree. 
a ? Tons, there's TONS of them!
No way is that THE Joey Salads? Ahah doesn’t seem so bad after all. 
never thought i’d agree with joey SALADS
B-But that 30 year old just got a legendary Pokemon a few days ago, and next weekend they're going t
orange man bad , fuck drumpf
Let’s not forget his leading role in the “most homophobic and transphobic movie ever made” 

https:/
**IT’S MA’AM!!!!**
I thought that it was a picture of Jim Carrey at Barney Frank's house.
I do not remember that being a trans character... I thought it was just a really ugly chick.
I remember thinking that character was nasty, but I never made any connection with that and real lif
When comedy could actually make fun of anyone and they could be funny. The "Orange man bad" "comedy"
Haha gross
Back when he was funny... Before the syphilis that drove him nuts... 
Fuck this guy. 
I thought the characters name was Sheila? There was one where she spoofed a milk commercial. Steroid
This post was crossposted to r/About_Liberals by u/Willybud ( [link](https://np.reddit.com/r/About_L
[dont forget handiman] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkQQGsOegv0)
This post was crossposted to r/Snowflake_Meltdown by u/PalookavilleOnlinePR ( [link](https://np.redd
"OH MY GOSH, THIS IS 'LITERALLY' A HOLOCAUST!" /s
"You mess with my breasts, you will die like the rest!"
What stirred up all the Jim Carrey memes? Lol

What did I miss? Can a pede fill me in plz? 
We need wall got build now
That is so cool. It even has broken English for the win! 
China would not exist without the Great Wall. The nation was originally defined by the construction 
Trump should tweet this out. Verbatim.
Excellent.
Huge. American. Wall. 
All your walls are belong to us
> didn't got build
So perfect 
POTUS should send this link to Ann Coulter via Twitter. 
Hi I'm dumb what does GEOTUS mean
Trump should show those libturds by funding the measly $5 billion for the wall himself!!!
I got that one too
"didn't got"

The sentence creator had ONE JOB!
Obviously written by an Asian public school student.
#GOT BUILD THE WALL !
What did he do now?
Someone fast track me on what little Jimmy did now...?

Oh wait, I dont care because he is irrelevan
Jim Carey killed his girlfriend btw. If you read this Jim, you aren’t relevant anymore. 
He doesn't like the memes because the one thing he can't do is paint himself. The introspection is t
Such a shame, great talent, total whack job.. he should go do some more shitty paintings and leave t
I chose to remember Jim for his roles in Ace Ventura, Dumb and Dumer, The Mask, and Bruce Almighty.

Google and read how callous his response texts were to his GF’s obviously very emotional concerns. A
****NUT****

If anyone hasn't seen the Netflix documentary about him behind the scenes on Man on the Moon please 
Did he mention this sub somewhere?
Absolutely loved this movie. Such a shame. 
Thanks for the sticky! Mods = gods! MAGA
Canada is big gay
Jim Carey is a faggot who gave his partner a sexual transmitted disease he knew he had and wouldn't 
Just a reminder that Jim Carrey gave his former girlfriend a sexually transmitted disease, treated h
Jim Carrey, if you are reading this.  Stop driving your girlfriends to suicide.  Really uncool, man!
MFW I have lib co-workers
happy fucking new year!
Hi Im jim carrey I killed my girlfriend, have every std there is, and hate Trump bc i have orgies wi
All dickness from him aside, it’s just so sad to watch an otherwise brilliant and unique comedian gr
"Me, Myself, And Rent Free"
who cares what political views a clown has
 Cathriona White suicide note address to Jim. 
We say no to domestic violence which includes killing your girl friend. 
Is it me or does Jim look like he's about to cough up a fur ball?
No one cares about this herpes infested fuck lmao
I have to agree with others here, he never was funny. He had a 90's style of humor that didn't age w
He played Andy Kauffman eerily well in Man in the Moon. Kauffman was a comic genius who obviously su
why hasn't anyone gave the mask pepe eyes yet? or have i missed it?
I fully understand his girlfriend offing herself because of him.  He is most certainly the cause.
While I don't support Carrey's politics, or even care for him as a person for that matter, if there'
Sadly the last reported phone conversation his ex-girlfriend had before she killed herself was a 3 m
He has all of the depressions. All of them. Complete and utter loony at this point.
#HIS ADVANCED SYPHILIS IS STARTING TO SHOW
Never thought he was funny on Mad TV, and don't particularly care for his movies.  His entire shtick
Keep sending us cucks like this and we’ll build another wall, Canada.  Only syrup and hockey players
Hahahaha
What did this idiot do or say now?
All joking aside that's a great movie though. 
Who??
"What's a matter, lady? Too much spice on that taco? "
Hate him or not this is one of the best comedies ever made. 
there is no jim carrey.  its an illusion
God I hope he sees this 
I dont see any of the memes in his Twitter comments.... they get deleted? 
He's offended 🙄🙄
Hey Jim...  If you're reading this,  GO FIST YOURSELF you unfunny America Hating Communist FUCK.  
What is it about TDS and guys named Jim? Carrey, Acosta, Kimmel...
F Jim careu
Annnd that's when it crawled up his ass.
Thank you Jim. Very cool. 
You should make this with Jim Carey attributed to the quote. So what if he didn't say it? lol
Act like a fool long enough and watch yourself become one. RIP ace ventura
Oh this is amazing. Imagine if these types of memes went viral. JC would freak out even more than he
Hope this goes viral ,  speaking of viral ....

( cuz dirty Jim gots the Stds 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣) 
I love having less than 10 rounds in each mag. It helps me be less of a bad person when I get angry 
now this is epic
What in the unholy californian fuck did they do to your weapon 
Lightning fast sticky. 
I thought I knew my accessories but what is that grip device?
Cali, F. 
very nice
Are you gonna send it? Hopefully you didnt take your boat to the range 
Send it
So much empty brass on the floor. Someone's been having fun.
Reeeeeeeeee, assult features scare me!!!
I can't wait until he prints this off and puts it on his desk as he signs the funding bill
why am I for the wall?

- from texas
- have been in hit & run with bad hombres (a citizen helped pul
Can't wait for HBO to claim they own the copyright on text format.

Will be hilarious to hear the me
He could sell bricks with this printed on the face of each, and he'd make enough money to fund the w
I'm so happy that the Democrats chose national sovereignty and security as the hill to die on here.

What a time to be alive 
We're getting a wall for Christmas this year! 
#**HOW DO I JOIN THE BLACK WATCH?**
We don't need no criminial gangs...

We don't need no news control...

No dark satanist on the house
And to think that we were born in this fucking epic timeline. What a time to be alive. MAGA!
#A Throng of Spice and Wire
Okay he definitely lurks here. Time to up our meme game to divine. 

We love you President Trump!!!
Two scoops! Two walls! 
He’s building that wall!
I loved this when he put it on Instagram the other day. It's Great how he waited until the middle of
Not a shitty concrete wall, but a steel wall Americans will love
[deleted]
No DACA deal. JUST THE WALL. Deport all illegals. 
Need this on a t-shirt. Official Trump merchandise store, do your thing.
Trump lied when he said he'll reduce unemployment, at this rate all shitposters will be out of job b
#BUILD THE WALL
#BIGLY TALL
#DEPORT THEM ALL!
Mr. President, please declare a state of emergency and BUILD THE WALL. CLOSE THE BORDER. Real Americ
(my favorite president)
Link to tweet I want to see angry liberals
Fuck is this real lmao
This guy has never happened before. He will never happen again. Been waiting for this all my life. 
This would make a great cake.
Wow.  I don't know if we deserve this but I know we do :)
I was always a supporter of the wall but I was open to. Looking at other options. Things such as bet
"Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he *it is* 
[10 U.S. Code § 2808 - Construction authority in the event of a declaration of war or national emerg
NO BRAKES
Sooooo much win!
Is someone popping popcorn tonight?  Oh wait....it's just dems heads exploding.  
Whew

Didn't have any stickies and got worried for a moment

All is well

Take my up Trump
I love that we're at a point where the rules of the greatest country on earth can be directly influe
This made my dick harder than any tweet that God Emperor has ever put out.
aw yiss
The REEEs heard 'round the world.
#AIRHORN!
That wall is going to be built one way or another. 
LIBERALS ON SUICIDE WATCH 
It better be. I'm tires of Republicans stringing me along for over 25 years. 
That is a very beautiful “structure”.
This is the best timeline 
It delights me that millions of cucks in and out of office shat themselves with fear and rage upon s
I LOVE THIS MAN.
I want a ton of bricks. Quad bricks if I can't get that! 
Dear God I love this man.
These post have been fucking gold I love all the tears on my cuck Facebook and twitter feeds
Posting so I can get my obligatory ban from /r/offmychest 

Fuck you hippies 
The dupes who reply to this tweet think Dims will win


POTUS can close the whole border

He can dec
Looks like a teaser for a movie
#**PINNED TWEET**
10/10 captioned.

All hail, GEOTUS

🇺🇸 🚂🐸🇺🇸🚂🐸🇺🇸🚂🐸🇺🇸🚂🐸

Buh buh buh buh but HBO told him to stop using their font for President Memes a year ago!?  Why didn
Tactical nuke strike; God bless you Mr. President.
I can't believe this is a real tweet.  And yet, it is.  Hell yes!
Ok cool meme.

Still waiting for the wall.
I like the top rated comment alot, "Nobody tell him what happened to the actual wall in Game of Thro
MUH BUT CONCRETE 
Winning 
The Dems kind of screwed themself. They cannot say it's "because muh money" since they just literall
Oh god how can you not like this guy? I could never shit post at these levels.
I personally called him the "Grand Master Troller", but that's only because the esteemed Australian 
A great poster by a great shit poster!

Just when I think "Noooo he didn't actually post that", I look and there the post is - in all its sh
The spikes just got 10X sharper!
[deleted]
legal experts said Trump could find surer footing by using "un-obligated" money within the Defense D
I have never been so hyped 
Has no one made a caravan-as-whitewalkers meme yet?
I am so giggly right now... just the level of pure, uncut memology right now is so amazing...


Quad bricks please!!!!!
Just have the military build the wall to prevent a repeat of that caravan farce.
Looking forward to see the Wall this 2019!! 🎉🎉
Yarrak it's coming

Replies are utter cancer.
I honestly now think Donald Trump is a actual game of thrones fan 
GEOTUS should hire Banksy to tag the Wall to get all the hipsters and millennials to worship it.
To be honest it's funny to see his shitposting but it makes me doubt if he's professional enough for
I'm so sad that GoT is ending this year. 😥
🦀 THE WALL IS COMING 🦀 
Man I been shit posting on Twitter all night long about the wall and other things. I feel a ban hamm
They get so triggered when he uses their fav show slogan  against them.
I'm starting to think the wall is already there. Dems just trying to paint as much negativity throug
Actual post? I don’t Twatter. And he’s so great at shitposting, I have no idea between real life and
[removed]
BuT THaT’s a fEnCE
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
“But it’s not a wall because it’s not made of plaster.”
and so am I
[removed]
[removed]
This dude has totally been watching game of thrones lately 
[Secure Fence Act of 2006](https://www.congress.gov/bill/109th-congress/house-bill/6061)

Notable "y
🌶️🌶️🌶️ **Moar Spice of the Day!** 🌶️🌶️🌶️

[https://www.reddit.com/r/The\_Donald/comments/ad5296/nanc
But like really though. How don’t the idiots on the left realize and more importantly CARE about how
I thought it said "walls are immortal"

And they are. It will keep working for years and years
She also wants to take our guns away because they're so dangerous. Except the ones carried by her se
This isn’t a wall, it’s a door... let’s change the slogan to “build the door!”
Rare Trump playing the media like a fiddle
Stop delegitimizing yourself! Stop delegitimizing yourself! Stop delegitimizing yourself!
#HE PLAYED MAGA ON THE MOUNTAIN, RUN DEMS, RUN
#PEPE'S IN THE HOUSE OF THE RISING DOM
#BERNIE'S IN T
They keep whining about the shutdown thinking it's going to change how Americans feel. They don't kn
Top kek.  They're still chasing their tails after 2 years of this.  Stop GEOTUS, i can't take 6 more
Vox: Why Violins are symbols of systematic oppression and classism
A smile of success!
Remember when they said it was their job to control what we think?  Well...they're fired 
Sorry, Dems

The Wall is going up!
OP is Keyser Soze tbh. Not Dave Kujan.
Trump always wins
.... What'd I miss? 
Que Schindler's list Ben Shapiro violin.
Nothing can stop what is coming. 
This is a good shop but here's the original. [Israeli-American violinist Itzhak Perlman playing in N
I just mentally played the red wedding
He’s playing Beethoven 7 92 

B-but we needed to import people dependent on socialism to keep our party alive... 
Yes, Orange man BAD!

But little miss Dem Darling horse face is good, even when she supports her fol
Its Trump time, they are forced to cover him. What he does with the spotlight is very important. 

L
Next-level Photoshop right here
If you ask me, the only thing the MSM and the Dems are doing is strengthening Trump more, and they d
Exclusive picture of Trump playing the fiddle while America burned. ~CNN probably 
Rarest trump of all
Its the world’s tiniest violin. 
What if Dems don’t give a shit and ok with shutdown? I genuinely don’t know what Geotus can do, coul
This is one is many reasons why I voted for him.
cnn and jim acosta are powerless
[removed]
Looking like han solo out here
“ ITS MA’AM’
That is excellent leather carving work. The deer is breathtaking, background. Took hours and hours a
The scope 😭
"Sir, we'll have to confiscate that for having a sniper scope"

~Nancy Pelosi
"that's an assault rifle" - Democrats 
Neat belt
That is beautiful
Reminds me of fallout new Vegas that gun. 
what an epic gamer
no step on snek
Han Solo shot first.
Good Lord. I am so erect right now.
Very nice
The old buntline. Nice 
r/mallninjashit
Well lemme tell you hwhat..  propane and propane accessories
Pubg pistol 
The holster is impressive....but that gun...jeebus lol sorry🤯
You still have to deal with the ones already trying to take over the country from the inside. But Tr
We support you, President Trump!!!
Possibly the greatest speech in American history since "The Gettysburg Address", "I have a Dream", “
Dragon energy levels: 11/10
This post was crossposted to r/About_Liberals by u/Willybud ( [link](https://np.reddit.com/r/About_L
There has been enough damage and the left will keep damaging everything they can until we hang them 
I love Henry!
Let's see how long the crooks last when their "foreign aid" slush funds don't go through. They need 
Come for my president if you want to.

Trump, we have your back. Continue making America great!
Rise to do what?
Describe the current constitutional crisis please.
Remember: 63 million Americans voted for Trump, because Russia bought 500 bucks worth of Facebook ad
Remember. As far as she is concerned we're 60 million muthafuckas. 
Why isn’t she wearing her modern day slave outfit?
Wearing headgarb in the US Senate is a constitutional crisis. 
What constitutional crisis though? Like, give us one example ya broad-nosed cunt.
>constitutional crisis

You mean someone you don't like was fairly elected? Man, enough Reddit for t
They just love the words constitutional crisis.

They believe it allows them to do unthinkable shit.
60M? No. 

63M? Yes!!!

And not just 63M Americans, 63M patriotic Americans. Dems can try to impeach
We should rise and stop the liberals and Democrats from killing the constitution
She and her fake harvested votes are a constitutional crisis that needs to be stopped. George Soros 
did she rewrite the Constitution in her twisted goat fucker brain?

no part of it is in crisis.

You
Her husband is gonna be pissed when he sees that profile pic. Or when he realizes she’s on Twitter. 
yikes she sounds like a legit crazy person, what crisis? the only thing resembling a crisis might be
Put a burka on no one wants to see your face.
Muh Russia. 
This is not going to end well for them. 
The democrats are a disgrace. They harbor unrepentant traitorous pieces of shit. Disgusting.
but they made bills to remove amendments from the constitution 
Sharia law sounds like a constitutional crisis I wonder what her thoughts on it are
... and that attacks on Trump are attacks on all of us who voted for him, support him, and believe i
If you rise I will make sure I knock every one of you little communists and your family down.
What the fuck are you talking about, lady? What constitutional crisis?!

How was this woman even ele
oh god -_- this bitch thinks she's more powerful than she actually is
We have an openly anti-Semitic representative in Congress. Allow that to sink in. 
Crisis? I see no crises. Begone potty mouth
Dems using this woman as their poster child may finally wake up the Jewish folks to vote R.
She is the constitutional crisis.
Constitutional crisis is this woman being put into government in our country
rise then bitch, itll be easier to see you
Looks whose become holier than thou!!
Trump won fair and square. The bitch lost. Deal with it.
When a Muslim says “We must rise” you know exactly what they’re saying
She cares about the constitution.

I'm touched.
 We have plenty of Raid cockroach!
The Palestinian constitution maybe? Scum of the planet 
Gamers rise up 
These fuckwits wouldn’t know the Constitution if President Trump shoved it up their asses.
Amen. Separation of church and state which fortunately includes mosques 
Calling for insurrection?  I wish we had a DOJ.  That would be nice.
What is the constitutional crisis? 
What "constitutional crisis"? Hurt feelings because it was "her turn"?

Pack it up, boys. Our forefa
WE MUST RISE. Rise a wall up to keep us safe.
I like how they're quick to point out that 63 million americans is only 30% of the registered voting
This filthy bass-mouthed Muslim terrorist bitch Rashida Tlaib and her terrorist-in-training son shou
Hank Johnson sounds like when the teacher wakes you up to cold call you to answer a question and you
I don’t know how the guy he was addressing could answer him with a straight face. 
"What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in 
Then later tried to act like he was joking... which is worse

You said a dumbass thing... own up... 
The 85s make for good tv. 
I honestly don’t understand how someone so inept could get into a leadership position unless the peo
See how the genius Hank is setting up the dumb general for his coupe de taa. 
Moron
Kinda feels like I'm watching a Dave Chappelle character.
I'd break any law he passed just out of principle.
He is still in office
After an election, the winner should have to pass 1) an IQ test and 2) a history test before being s
I’ve seen this a few time today.  Shills with tactics in full force.  
He isn't stupid because he is a Democrat. 

It's because his race is different than the rest of the 
That's actually a picture of the fence around Jim Carrey's property, not the US Mexico border.
20 ft taller
thats BS. i prefer this one from israel

http://www.israelhayom.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/15057
Wow.  Jim Carrey is a huge Trump fan. His shitty childish “art” is ironic and actually pro Trump.  W
That thing is way to small.
#STEEL IS STRONGER THAN CONCRETE
#YOU CAN GO AHEAD AND LOOK IT UP 

[removed]
Jim Carey is a communist douchebag
We should trigger the shit out of these deranged liberal celebs with memes showing them liking the w
Thanks Jim very cool.
[removed]
Needs more remote control machine guns 
it would be funny to makes memes promoting that jim carrey is a huge trump fan and cause him to flip
B-E-A...UTIFUL.
Alrighty then 
*Eternal Sunshine On The Spotless Border*
If the wall were covered in coke or heroin he'd love it
Slap some 10ft solar panels on top of that bad boy and you can both keep out criminals and watch lib
Jim needs to thank a vet.  Hope he gets meds soon. 
\[x\] mad \[\_\] naw
Did Carey get pissed at the memes ?
Bulwarks. The motherfucker has bulwarks. 
Tired of this failed Canuck comic who has been trying to rehabilitate his image after his estranged 
Beautiful Wall even Jim is gonna love it!! 🤣🤣
B-E-A-U-TIFUL!
Fact: An aspiring cartoon...
More spikes!
I think I missed something. What's Jim Carrey got to do with the wall?

Edit: nvm, found it. Jim sho
This can't actually be the "wall"  this is just like a tiny fence, you could steal a ladder from som
What's going to stop illegals from getting a ladder to climb over this fence? Maybe it will end up b
you can cut a hole in that slat thing with a thermic lance big enough for a tractor trailer to drive
B-E-A-utiful*
..And in case I don't see ya,  It's beautiful tomorrow. 
B-E-A-UTIFUL 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Stay on your side, Carrey
A detached psychopath stares at Trump`a wall
why do they go up and down and up and down instead of plowing that dirt flat
[removed]
[removed]
Someone should show that pampered Hollywood celebrity this image!
I’m with you Jim carry. Spread the message! 🐸🐸🐸
This is like garlic to a vampire.
Thank you Jim Carrey, very cool!
Go home canuck, no one cares what you think.
I'm sure The President appreciates your support Jim!
People who are not in on the joke here will think that he actually likes Trump and might be tempted 
A message from Down Under! Keep the Jim Carrey meme's coming!!! Love it!
I don't get why you didn't put that in quotation marks. I mean, he said it might as well. 
The man literally killed his own wife and people still love him because he says “orange man bad”
Flood the twitter!
Pretty sure I saw his face on Trump 2020 posters.
The words at the bottom should be added to a picture of every harveyswood personality and dem politi
Deep inside, Jim does love GEOTUS. He badly wants his attention.
This is beautiful 
Hahahaha!
It's nice to have someone in Hollywood on our side for once. Good for you, Jim!
One of Jim “build the wall” carrey’s finer quotes. Over the past 24 hours he’s become a sterling car
Aaaawww, Jim Carrey loves President Trump! That's sweet. 😁
It’s disappointing to see that Jim Carrey is so far gone. He is legitimately my favorite actor. 
Jim Carrey memes..... Aaaaaand go
We should ramp this up to piss off that mentally challenged loser.
😂 
Can we use the bones of MS-13 rapists and murderers to make cross beams about mid way up the spikes 
The great thing about steel fences is you can electrify them.

**SMOKIN'!**
All day
[My humble contribution](https://imgur.com/a/vp4zsSH)
sssspicy!!!
Make sure those spikes on the top are nice and sharp. 
SOMEBODY STOP US
I'm outside of the loop, anyone cares to explain?
[This one work?](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/ad1ufs/apparently_were_doing_jim_carre
I idolized Jim Carrey as a child. Wtf happened to him.
HA! Jim Carrey you insufferable faggot!
Back when Jim was still funny, and not another PC basehead! Noice!
Ugh I can't even watch him for a second anymore. 
Green man good! 🤓 
Orange man bad! 🤬


We’re always doing Jim Carey pro-Trump memes
Smockin
Is that the design we are fighting for? Cause it’s incredibly sexy. Gorgeous. Perfect 
i like how much this must piss him off, assuming the strains of std's he helped discover hasn't rott
haha!
SOMEBODY SPIKE MEEEEEE!
Fuck, why do a large percentage of good actors have to be leftist cucks! i'm guessing it's the liber
Carrey has done an excellent job of demonstrating how to effectively destroy your own legacy. 
Sad thing is when I was growing up in the nineties I used to always wanted to be like jimy carey, we
Lmfao!
I can't wait to see one of those wallhoppers accidentally get their head stuck between the posts and
What did I miss
I could do without seeing that pos on the site. Fuck Carey/Kerry
[deleted]
[Not my content, but a useful format, to be sure.](https://i.imgur.com/iR3LZ6a.jpg)
There needs to be cement plating on top of those spikes. 
What did Carrey do now? I need a rundown
The number of updoots would suggest we are
We should always strive to remember the good in everybody and to shine a light on that goodness when
Wtf, I fall asleep last night and then *BAM* Jim Carey pro-Trump means.

The fuck did I miss??
wait does the downvote button not exist anymore? 
Think sealed indictments. The poor bastard is going to suffer untold humiliation. We are living in a
Got her hooked on drugs too - before she killed herself - correct?
Powerful stuff 
I used to love this cuck before all the dumber talking points came out.
What's he hiding, what's he running from? Same ghosts as Robert DeNiro?  How young were they, Jim?
I love this❤️
Mean, but funny. 
Who's to say he didn't kill her. 
Carey, De Niro & the flamboyant Colbert hiding the red shoes in their hollyweird closets... 
this is mafia
Suicide watch,jus sayin.
Spicy
Why the Jim carry stuff?
HIV and the onset of aids is so manageable now with the right meds and not so much of a bombshell as
Honestly, what has this world come to? I don’t see any of it ending well. It’s a crazy time to be al
"I've also been directly responsible for the death of innocent newborns who weren't vaccinated becau
Hahahahahahah 
Poor guy
Source?
Sauce now!
Satire? Or did he actually say that? 
Don't let these **facts** get in the way of the mainstream narrative...

The longer this goes the longer Trump can play stop hitting yourself.
Secure Fence Act of 2006](https://www.congress.gov/bill/109th-congress/house-bill/6061)

Notable "ye
This post was crossposted to r/Snowflake_Meltdown by u/PalookavilleOnlinePR ( [link](https://np.redd
This post was crossposted to r/POLITIC by u/StillANNONin ( [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/c
I fucking hate it when trannys actually look like women it makes me feel so gay
they take each others hormones
Not my thing but the one on the left doesn't bother me at all. I've never heard of groups of female 
IT’S MA’AM!
*holds up right hand* guess I'm gonna stick to banging this bad boy
Pretty creepy...
Am I wrong to find muscular women pretty darn hot...Must be a fetish.
Wait? He won Miss Universe?
I remember years ago, probably like 2006 / 2007 I want to the Arnold Classic with my Brother and Unc
And he’s pregnant from her. So happy!!
makeup can make anyone look like anything. do not care if you have enough caked on to appear female.
Looks like a match made in heaven.
Let’s not lie, both of those are pretty sexy 
I lift weights 5-6 days per week. Im in my 30's. I tell my family if I were an 8 year old girl I cou
"I'm with this motherf*er" 
Is the left motherfuckerphobic? Fucking bigots!
He might be a motherf\*\*ker but he's OUR motherf\*\*ker!!
#MAGA MOTHERFUCKER
MOTUS
Who would have thought letting someone prove themselves, before judging them, can be a good thing? 
My favorite part about this shit is that the banksters are fucking with the stock market right now a
A candidate who follows through on their campaign pledges. Shocking.

He is setting a new standard.
Amen!
I've been hoping these results would be just too good for the remaining NORMIES to ignore. It's hope
deplorable and he is ours
**MAH MUTHAFUCKIN PRESIDENT!!!**
This motherfucker, will get my motherfuckin vote...in motherfuckin 2020. 
Samuel L. who?

Motherfucking right we appropriated that shit motherfuckers
Pathetic this was 3rd on r/all on worldnews. How is this news? I finally filtered that shithole once
Badass motherfucker 
CNN:  "A Twitter user made an emotional, yet credible claim Saturday that Donald Trump had a sordid 
Right on
Why is everyone censoring out the "c" in motherfucker. Don't people usually censor the vowels?
myyyy motherfucker.
>Worked every day for free

To what extent is this true? Do they mean just during the shutdown? Or h
Oh god, the news on this is hilarious.  Kim Campbell was never even elected Prime Minister.  She onl
This babe is HIGH ENERGY as (mother) FUCK (er)! 
Every time I hear the word "motherfucker" it reminds me of the Macho Ma'am Tranny Savage video. 
I love this motherfucker as well.
I think my mother would f\*\*\* him.
He’s my MF’er!
Best Motherf\*\*ker President!! 👍🏻🇺🇲👍🏻
Our nation's best motherfather!
"Calling Trump voters deplorables totally backfired... Humm... I know! Let's call Trump a motherfuck
New slogan courtesy of the new model for parenting  in the House of Representatives. Whomever runs a
24/7/365

He lives in their head absolutely rent free.
Two Scoops, Two Terms!!
The only kind of Motherfucker VSG is like is the ultimate badass kind. The kind that has more greatn
Spicy Motherflicker
Immigration was enough for me.
Who has two thumbs and fucks moms?? Trump
Thats my motherfykcer
If the MSM even gave him some fair coverage, he would already be the best president in the history o
I'm motherf\*cking glad motherf\*cking democrats are motherf\*cking calling him a motherf\*cker.
What was accomplished with prison reform? I've been out of the loop for awhile so I am completely un
Turns out having someone who is not a politician in office is the best for the people 
Can someone please make a two picture meme, one that has MILF text caption with a picture of FLOTUS 
I want my wallet back.....
Which one is yours?
The one that says Bad Motherfucker on it....

My Pres
Big if true.

(It is)
HELL MOTHERFUCKIN YEAH!!!!!!
damn I love this meme
manufacturing returning to the US is probably my favourite thing that the GEOTUS has done. china is 
Deplorable mother fucker 
Putting my erect penis into the woman that birthed me is dumb, sick, and dishonorable.
Or better yet, please work on making your own country great.
There is nothing wrong with telling people to keep out.

This is our country and they have no claim 
Keep out. We're full.
I like this. Its right, it doesn't mean keep out, it means come in the right way. My family legally 
Had one liberal yesterday tell me that the wall wouldn't change anything because illegals don't cros
Even vampires have to ask permission 
Reeeeeeeeee Drumf is Hitler Reeeeeeee
My wall says "Stay the Fuck Out!" 

My door says "Come in, if you're invited; otherwise, see Wall!"
I like this.
This reminds me when Obama first became president, he was outside said a few words to the press and 
a good anaolgy for this is a house: a house without walls isn't a house. a house will always have a 
"Please be respectful"
That's the point. They don't want to use the door, where there are guards.
this is actually a perfect campain slogan... Dont climb over use the door.
But mostly keep out. 
Well said
This is a perfect example of reframing that we need more of. Right now, two sides feel like “it’s my
Call it a filter!
Keep America Great KEEP THE FUCK OUT IF YOU TRY AND SNEAK THROUGH
What a great way to put it
Good one!
[removed]
Welfare and walls have been always together
What's with all the pro legal immigration virtue signalling on this sub? 330 million people isn't en
Hahaha! Canada needs a reboot. Perhaps of the yellow vest variety. 
This is quality, take my upvote! Penis socks and Poutine
He likes to play dress up. 
He's hiding in plain site that he loves dicks in his butt.
More like the village idiot.
Well he's definitely a homo, soooo...
Or a gay porn actor in multiple roles...
Did he actually where a Nazi uniform? 
It's not by accident, that's for sure. It's astro turfing. It's meant to brainwash the people into t
Can confirm. Saw TDS on a huawei phone promoted tweet. They are obsessed and crazy.
>worst part is some of them think that reddit's demographics are indicative of real world demographi
I don’t think it’s an echo chamber. More like a bias megaphone...watch this:

“MAGA!!!” *Promptly Sh
\>Make anti Trump post 

\>Get thousands of upvotes

\>Edit post to praise the God Emperor 

\>Watch
Imgur is even worse. There will be a funny cat gif or some random anime dump and sure enough, within
Reddit wouldn't be like this if that motherfu@#$ hadn't stolen the election reeeeeee!! 
Will 2019 see peak derangement?
People that get a sense of accomplishment through upvotes or downvotes don't fit in my world. 
The user is so right. Oklahoma is the most red state in the union but r/Oklahoma is just as far left
Go to any sub besides T_D and its everywhere. Other subs that are not political will post something 
Big if true. (It's HUGE)
The worst part is that the worldnews mods have now removed that comment.
TDS is mass psychosis.
Does it count as a redpill when it's already pretty obvious? It wasn't obvious even to Neo that his 
I make a game of it anymore - predicting how many posts in a random, totally non-political thread be
Oh my god. I would very much like to see that Pringles can thread if anyone knows where to find it 
Is it weird that I have a hard time deciding if this is real or not?
This is not Photoshopped. 
Haters will say it's fake. 
Very stable fashion.
Trump isn't just supporting the wall, he IS the wall! 🤣
I would wear the hell out of that 
stealth +5
Love this.
If he sees this, he may get a custom suit made just to do it
What none of you realize is those are his PJ’s son!!
Love it 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
He looks good in brick
Welp, that'll be in my nightmares tonight. 😆
This needs a NSFW tag 
Part of her shoulder is missing and it bothers me every time I see it.
Hehe, he's got wood on his face
*rolls

...but if MS13 is into fantasy, they can play the role of Patriotic Democrat Voters.
That is the most evil looking SOB that I have ever seen.

And the guy with the tattoos is pretty sca
“...... just as long as you vote Democrat..”
Stop! I can only get so flaccid
Savage meme thank u Baker 
Reeee normie meme format
Damn.
That’s one sick b!tch
Don't even need MS-13 for votes. Dead Americans would suffice.
Meme of the decade/ century,  of course that old coot is dry as a north Texas hole that’s been reame
Throw both out of USA 
Again demonstrating the rule that every meme must contain at least one typo. 😉
At this point I'm sure he does it on purpose. 
These idiots fall for it every time. 
I agree He did totally misspell Barry Sotero's name
[Reminds me of my favorite Trump tweet of all time.](https://mobile.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/stat
Barry Soreto 
They don't realize that it's controlled opposition. They are being played to spread his message furt
Obama isn’t important enough to remember how to spell that turds name anyhow .
God forbid you type an extra letter around a bunch of faggot liberals. 
Don't debate the issue. Worry about the misspelled word and wonder if it is somehow racist.
 "What difference – at this point, what difference does it make?"
#COVFEFE
Smocking.....
Let's check his birth certificate to see how it's supposed to be spelled
Equivalent to a "no u" unironically
I love it when he does this...it gets him attention!
It's almost been 4 years since he declared he was running and they still haven't learned. They're no
Haha I saw that tweet.
Wait is that a woman? I thought it was a guy at first, had to look twice.
[Bar(r)ack](http://archive.vn/dcDWh) 
Shut the fuck up Dani your stupid cunt. 
Who gives a shit
Brilliant. It works every time
What kind of a name is Barack anyways? Who cares if he misspells it or not. 
Is it a power play on the part of her (?) and Barack's parents to misspell their names, or were they
What difference does it make 
Congratulations Mz Bostick. You have just spread Donald Trump's tweet pointing out the hypocrisy of 
Either way it shows he doesn't care enough about him to know. 
Before i was banned from pretty much every major sub, i only used to refer to him as 'Barack Hussein
lol so she focuses on his spelling rather than the blatant hypocrisy? 
The extra "R" could indicate "Renegade", his USSS code name.  They knew all along that he was a fake
The point was to pay attention and report the post.  Mission Accomplished.
A Hind D? Colonel, what's a Russian gunship doing here?
Very nice. 
This madman actually got his USP cut for a red dot.

Beautiful set up. 
I'm very jealous!
I didn't know John Wick posted here!! Awesome
My goodness I want that osprey 45 on my fnx45 tac. Nice setup! 
Osprey makes my cock hard
Is it me or does that look like a framing square? To each his own but that won’t holster well
Love it!
Holy shit I've never been stickied before! Thanks very much :) Happy Epiphany guys

mods=gods
[deleted]
It may come down to this. It likey will if I'm honest. 
This is beautiful.
Lol he’s like a wrecking ball to their way of life. I love it
Needs a red hat too
We need yellow vests and red hats in California.... BADLY
Trump is no bitch, he will get what he knows the country needs
Holy f

Someone's a spectacularly gifted artist
Have your vest ready. 
Macron's Worst Nightmare!
The vest just got ten times larger!
America First
je suis charlie
Wtf I hate yellow jacket protests now
I just saw where Bugshit Crazy (Nancy Pelosi) said that Donald wants to ‘eliminate Congress’.  Her w
Can we choose a different color at least? A little red-white-blue maybe? I know the Frenchies like y
Trump is the face of a White Hat coup against the Iranian-backed usurper Obama. Don't get me wrong -
This post is so good, that image and idea so true that I'm just making this post as my first post in
He did run a construction business
Our politics has hope because we have guns. 
The whole point of our system is to have elections to change our government, instead of violence.  W
Yeah,1 vote.
Sadly we will only get into our enemies faces when it's too late.  
No wonder globalist
Indeed and this is why YOU don't need to go in the street for 7 week straight. 
USA got LePen & France got Hillary
Nice
Wait, what? https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/a79uom/hey_guys_the_yellow_vests_arent_abou
Am I the only one who saw the photo shrunk down and wanted to make a DEMA joke?

edit: Inb4 trench i
This is beautiful 
This might be the single greatest thing I have ever seen!
Hell yes!
Can somebody make the background of this pic black? I want to use it as my phone wallpaper 
More accurate than most of you realize. 
There’s so many psy-ops around this thing I’m not sure what to believe anymore.

Are they pro-freedo
**NEEDS A HARDHAT!** 

\[this picture is like saying the French Revolution  was like the American Re
The French allowed it to get way worse than we did here.  We intervened by voting in Trump, whereas 
In capitalist USA, president protests against the opposition.
He is even better than that, he is an instrument of actual change; he is our voice. God bless our pr
Hey globalists. The entire world is coming for you.
And once he is out of office any form of Democrat liberal pro Islamic, pro abortion, anti Christian 
Hell yeah brother, cheers from Iraq
Thanks Mods! I love this image of GEOTUS - I knew you all would like it, too!
Just re-watched, The Force Awakens with my wife, she had never seen it before though.  She's a total
we haven't need to do yellow vests or any event in this country yet BECAUSE Trump won and is fightin
Whoever drew that picture is super talented! 
Fantastic
The yellow vest protests are on the left tho. I don't understand this at all. Why compare Trump to l
We don't need to go yellow vest as we don't want to protest what geotus is doing. We just need to su
Workin man > Twerkin "man"
He’s a billionaire, you all know that right?
If you read some of the yellow vests demands they're quite socialist. 
This is bullshit through. Unless you live in France and see it first hand, don’t think you know what
Lmao is this even real, have you folks considered suicide yet? I think its time
Needs MOLLE gear.
In some sense, the election of an atypical president being considered rebellion against tyrants migh
Gotta admit, the whole yellow vest thing is still retarded lol

“We’re protesting...for safety! Yeah
[removed]
I’m all for it but I just hate how the national parks are suffering from it 
I can't help but wonder if he is trying to trick us into making him relevant again via manipulation 
He's an okay actor, but he's really good at getting into a longterm relationship, giving a girl heav
A sense a week of Carey memes in coming 
Yeah Jim and I'm sure your wife liked to not be abused to the point of suicide but here we are.
Someone should redo this gif as him putting on a MAGA hat
Used to be a big fan of the guy but,  now eeeesh no thanks!
Used to love him. Still love Ace Ventura. He's turned into a real piece of shit tho. 
Somebody make that a pepe face
I don’t like people who feed their wives drugs...
It really is a shame he's a cuck. I grew up watching him and on the rare occasion I act silly people
oh he really said that? haha, do ppl still not know how this internet thing works?  
he's a sex addi
What's all this stuff about Jim Carrey all of a sudden?
MEME AWAY! 
He literally cannot stop us. 
    Dear Jim Carrey,  
    
    We paid for you, we made you, we own you.  
  
    - Anyone who spen
Fuckn pedo faggot
Good. He's a dick.
I wanna see more Pro-Trump Jim's meme then 🤣🤣
Free Speech and Fair Use!  Motherfucker! (To quote the U.S. House of Representatives and WaPo)
Someone take lots of clips from Liar, Liar but add text that states facts about illegal immigration 
Hahahahaha 
LMAO time to Jimmy to feel what it's like to be out-memed!
Just remember that people were genuinely questioning Jim Carrey's mental stability a few years back.
When shitposting this bourgeois liberal turd, lets not forget his transphobic moment in Ace Ventura.
What have I missed?  
[Such a cucked little Nancy.](https://youtu.be/pSbVJKMzlwA?t=10)
Worst movie, character, ever!!
I don’t enjoy Jim Carrey movies.  At all.  
Jim Carrey becomes the next Pepe. Let’s do this, my Russian comrades!!!!
That man is a fucking nut job, it's amazing how absolutely bat shit crazy he is.
“I feel feelings, and that’s the only way I can deal with them is to turn them into something positi
This is kek material
Please do more of these
So good 
CNN does like to doxx gif users OP. Did you ask their permissions first?
I used to like Jim Carrey in the 90s. Sad.

When did he comment on T_D?
Someone should edit this gif and make him wear a maga hat
Ooooh somebody meme me
Hahaha... fuck you guys are funny.
😂😂😂😂
Haha. Well played
That film was a flat earthers poem.
THIS. Brilliant.
"Tell me, who paid for you? Asking for a friend"

&#x200B;

"But the wall kept it secret" 
You're going to need bricks to build that wall, so let's get this patriot a brick!
It’s easy to virtue signal when you think what your signaling for will never happen.
I've been following her. She thinks this is some Instagram stunt... She's gonna tank quickly
Stop giving this nobody attention, that's exactly what she wants.
Of course, if she did that she would have to move back into her car.
She is the reason we need term limits.
She's a socialist idiot. They're never talking about their own money. It's everyone else
Has the reporter been arrested for this rape attempt?
Anyone who thinks she's pretty is fucking nuts.
"Stop making stupid people famous"
The Dem house is a total and utter SHIT SHOW 😂

Have fun with this Pelosi. Damn, I was bummed when w
I love that the Post chose the horsiest face photo.  So horsey.
Carrots are expensive.
I hope she didn't run too hard. Did she have enough time off for self-care and relaxation? 
Sandy and Riley sitting in tree...
She's clearly money hungry. 
On a meager salary of $174000, how do you expect this poor dear to live??  She needs that money.  Sh
I’m in shock a reporter would talk to this nobody
She was probably just doing what she saw the other congressmen doing.  She thinks it's normal.
#[HEEE HAAAWWW!!!](https://imgur.com/a/Mkxub2h) 
There is no occasional with her. NO CORTEX is her name. I've yet to see anything intelligent proceed
Them socialist clothes ain't cheap.
She has such an ugly smile.
I would forgo my entire salary after necessary payments to my mortgage (and other things i have to p
She should be forced to on Principal. 
Will someone just pack this cunt up in a box and ship her to Venezuela? Something tells me she would
She can go back to working for tips.
And now for her next impression, Jesse Owens!
She is such a fake
This bitch makes $174k a year....
The problem with socialism is you run out of other people’s money.
Yeah another AOC post
She'll never get her apartment!
She kinda reminds me of a squirrel. Facial features, intelligence, and jittery movements.
Of course not, she was a bartender in deep college debt. She'll take her salary knowing full well no
She’s already learned the ways.  Democrats are really held to their word on anything so it doesn’t m
I don't think she thought it through
Alexandria Venezuela Ocasio-Cortez
Upvote for "Occasional Cortex", that's funny as shit.
\[Cries in communist\]
Once again, that’s how democrats think. Me me me mine mine mine.
God damn she is ugly. She doesn't even look human. WTF?
She totally looks like a donkey. 
Come on guys! She needs rent money!
Yeah really it would be great if I didn't have to see this fucking hideous face over and over and ov
Do as I say not as I do!

The communist moto!
Wait wait wait wait.... wait.... I can't spout off bullshit all day everyday and not be called on it
"Why should I? I worked hard to get where I am, and I earned every cent along the way!"
STOP MEMEING AOC INTO RELEVANCE.

TALK ABOUT HAGAN.
I guarantee she will achieve nothing. Not a single thing. 
Well she dosent get paid till March i think anyway. 
A Democrat who's a hypocrite?  No way!!!!
>Riley Roberts

I wonder when they'll start calling her out for dating a white man?
CNN: "Cortez hurries to important meeting as alt-right reporter harasses her"

WaPo: "20 reasons why
Great.   
Now it is going to become a big thing.   
Then she will release a statement saying that th
she thought she was talking about the other three 'sections' of government she wasn't actually part 
Just ignore the town idiot. She a little girl who wants daddy’s attention (and money)
Did she dance away? 
So brave.
Boney - ass bitch gots to eat
Stop giving her relevance. Of course she is a basket of crazy. Just let it be. Ignore ignore ignore
I've seen her compared to Trump in terms of popularity, but you see the difference here is Trump act
Donkeyface should return 70% of her carrots. 
lol fucking dweeb.  she's such a numbskull
A communist leader who wants everyone to pay but not them? 🤔 neverheard of such a thing 
She Guevara is certainly lining up to be a Gore level hypocrite.
Venezuelia Ocasio-Cortez
Did she already move to DC? Cause she said she can't move before getting her salary.
Notice how she never talks with press, but does lots of "social interaction". Going for a "woman of 
What a joke. How’s she going to get an apartment unless she take her salary? Young and colorful is m
[removed]
+1 for the beverage of GEOTUS
REEEEEEEEEEEEE! AMERICANS ENJOYING CANADIAN WHISKEY IS CULTURAL APPROPRIATION!
Ruger LCP. I see you are a man of culture as well.
Hope there is some rum in that coke to complete the trifecta.  
Haven’t had that one yet, might see if anyone local has it 
So basically they want Operation Mockingbird turned up several notches, to exacerbate NPC outrage. 

Satanic scum will be satanic scum! 
What the Hell?! How about going back to covering actual news and lay down the political revenge vend
People in the comments actually want the news to deplatform the president and the republicans (excep
Journalists, back in the day, used to promote freedom of speech, an unfettered press and the free fl
How about ‘journalists’ stop making stuff up?
Weird, cuz Low-T Brian Stelter says the media needs to stop covering Trump.  CNN would cease to exis
Burn Esquire to the fucking ground
What planet are these people from?
Did any of these people pay any attention to how many lies Obama told on a daily basis? 
so brave
Instead of reporting what the president says, they want straight propaganda and disagreement.

The P
Talks about improving the media, then uses profanity in the title and passes off opinion as fact, th
It's called making FAKE NEWS an infinite quantity. 
Always cursing.
In the one that splits off when the next eclipse swings by....check your calendars
Any word on when the media will stop its misleading headlines or outright lies? Thought not. Esquire
Proof that the left will never be satisfied.
Apparently an alternate timeline
They criticized him for having two scoops of ice cream.
“Being objective”

Since fucking when??
I fully believe they want to annoy people so bad with their incessant whining and bitching that we’d
Typical liberal morons
But I was told I was going to die from the tax cuts. 🤔
Small businesses supply more than half of all jobs in America.  They do well and we do well.
My very liberal company started doing 401k matching for their 180 employees as a direct result of th
For everyome
Helped my small business. I only have about 6 employees but it’s a start. 
Got downvoted like crazy in redacted for explaining that the tax cuts have objectively not been just
hey serious question, what did the tax cuts do for small businesses? Like what is getting taxed less
It’s almost like allowing  businesses to keep more of their money allows them to be more competitive
#Trump *is* a Badass Mother Fucker. 
I'm sure redacted will come up with a couple charts that show how it's Obama's win all along...or ho
Here in California you can get small business grants if your a minority or female. A.K.A. no straigh
Nancy said they were just crumbs 😂🤣😂🤣
I got essentially a free bill from my electric company because they passed on the tax savings to the
Downvoted to hell. Shills working late tonight? Usually they take care of their wive’s boyfriends ki
I've tried to explain this to lefties constantly:  High taxes only choke out competition and make th
Crumbs......
What is words you won’t hear on CNN Alex? 
You can't trick me. Redacted told that the tax cuts are bad for the market and bad for the economy!
This just in: Water is wet
But we were promised an apocalypse! Let’s take the plane down in protest of the pilot we don’t like!
Haven't heard much from Linda in a *long* time

Must mean she's busy working!
It has definitely been a win for my small business. The three partners are disbursing more than we e
I died from Comey’s firing and pink pussy hats
Let's cut some more taxes!
Next time a democrat says tax cuts only benefit the "1 percent" show them this because familys depen
Linda McMahon layin'the smackdown!!
I've got like a billion kids. I thank Trump every month for the extra money I get each month from th
I was told the tax cuts were only for the rich. Why did I get a raise for the first time in 6 years 
SPREAD THE WORD!  [https://www.sba.gov/](https://www.sba.gov/)

**Team Trump streamlined the rules l
They should name a high school after him.
10/10 - JW lurks here
ohhhhh piece of candy...

&#x200B;

I like this guy, tells it like it is and fuck whoever doesnt lik
I feel smarter for just looking his photo
I met him at my work . He is very quiet and reserved. A dry sense of humor . Love that guy. 
Severely intelligent, too.
G.O.A.T
Go buy all his movies and support him
Smart as a whip too
You haven't seen James Woods until you've seen STRAW DOGS.
Is he retired or unable to find work because of his conservative beliefs?  
I'd love to send a scrip
Savage yes, handsome ehhhh not so much. 
Sssssssssskekin'!
Keep up the good work
Is he making the 👌🏻 sign with his hand/ hat? Looks like it. 
Cameron Diaz was smmmocking in that movie...
Jim Carey can go fuck himself while we meme him into oblivion.
This is double good because Matt Furie is also upset that his Pepe is used for right-wing memes 
What's the reference here? Been off t_d for 5 minutes and I miss something
As someone who used to greatly admire Jim Carrey......Fuck Jim Carrey!
Heard Jim Carey is a washed up has-been who only wishes he was as relevant now as he was in the 90’s
This is the same guy who believes vaccines cause autism and is being championed by the left for spea
Since I haven't time to make it, can someone do a meme of Carrie Nation with Jim's face on hers, and
Brilliant! 
Nice.
Hey maybe he's reading these posts that would be awesome, hey Jim over here... Go fuck yourself.
You think after Pepe they would have learned 
Right wing memes are the only action Jim Carry's career has gotten in the last 15 years.

The stupid
Time to Tweet Jim Carey.
1990's themes make me think of Hillary Clinton's cheating husband. 
Jim the Carrier
To quote Carrey from The Mask - "Somebody stop me"
Sssomebody ssstop you!
It's gotta be a new breed. 
The ~~Streissand~~ **Carey** Effect
As a legal migrant I had to


1) show vaccination history, x-ray for tuberculosis, blood test for HI
Spicy Birdbox reference.
>Thier 

I was going to have to admit that I was wrong until I saw you made a minor typo. Checkmate 
Spoiler alert, but we all knew they shouldn't have let that guy in.
That looks the face Hillary makes when she poops. 
All liberals are going to respond “their*...and thus your argument is invalid”
The interesting part of this movie is that MAGA Malkovich seemed like a dickhead to literally everyo
ACKSHULLY UNLAWFUL PRESENCE IS JUST A CIVIL VIOLATION. Ignore the crimes that they commit to get her
Illegals are illegal by entering US illegally.  Period.

The real fact is Democrats and Republicans 
Reeee^EeeEeeEEE^eeeEe^eee!
Talk about a racist movie! All white people are the bad guys. Literally. At least they’re being cons
They’re criminals once they cross the border ILLEGALLY! 
You can show a liberal to facts but you cant make them think
YOU MUST LOOK AT THE BORDER! YOU MUST SEE!
I hope no one does this to me, I’m so sleepy
100% of illegal aliens are criminals. Change my mind.
Yeesh.
Bird Box meme, mandatory upvote!
🤣 👀 “it’s so beautiful!” 🤣
Start with a country that has a higher crime rate than the U.S. to begin with.

Then don't select pe
Their*
Their*
The show perfectly describes illegal immigration, *SPOILER* when that lady lets the random dude into
It pisses me off when i see how even though we know they lie and bend the turth padt it's breaking p
Hahahahaha
Men's Wearhouse presents, ... *a Cuckwork Orange*.  

&nbsp;


^^^I ^^^guarantee ^^^it.
It's right there in the name - "ILLEGAL". Not much can be done as we are dealing with very, very low
Lmao
Lol I love when the repost later in the day gets stickied.
If they were living comfortably why would they leave?
LMAO!
Dems to themselves: "Oh no...look what we have done!!  Blast us  no   blast everyone!"
Take a gander at Best Gore if you want to know how F'd we are. Keep these people out. 
That guy creeps me out
I almost forgot about that movie
Great point! And made simply! And finally a Bird Box meme without a blindfold!
VICTIMS OF ILLEGAL ALIENS

http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp
They will never see the truth
"thier"
I haven't got around to seeing this movie yet, but I can already tell that it's loaded with leftist 
It's why they're called *illegals*.
Bigot!!! We're supposed to open our borders and let everyone in! Not only are we the world's police,
I want someone to make a gif off of this movie where you can see the shadows rising and all the peop
They know but they don't care, because their kids will vote for them. So they'll look the other way.
[Being shown the truth about illegals - Orange Style](http://www.oscarchamps.com/wp-content/uploads/
What porn is this from?
i before e, except after c. Or when sounding like 'a' Iike in neighbor or weigh.

Their; A rare case
Guy looks kind of like Andrew Breitbart
I really hope that they will see the truth!! 🤣🤣👀
Dems? Truth? Those two words don't go together. They'll never accept facts.
Can people please start spell-checking their memes?
And like all members of this sub, the guy forcing people to look should be in a mental institution 
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Idiot. Has OP seen this show?  
  
Left is going to love you calling yourself a murdering psycho
Screw giving this murdering illegal alien a mental health evaluation.

How about giving Officer Sing
Funny thing, but a lot of these videos when you go to watch them you get “error occurred” messages. 
Says video is unavailable, youtube probably calling it hate speech.
So sad. So preventable. So senseless. BUILD THE WALL. 
It would be amazing but republicans have more often than not shown themselves to lack a back bone, s
Where are all the yarmulkes? I hope the Jewish members of Congress wear them.

Agreed.
It will be a powerful message to stand up against bullies who reject facts. Technically, MAGA was ru
This is an absolutely brilliant idea!  Let the room be bright & vibrant red with MAGA! 
Why should the government tell me what I can an cannot wear?
Assimilation doesn't work , proven again and again.
The ultimate test would be if Trump mailed each house member a MAGA hat, and a note explaining how t
It would be an excellent way to light a fire under some butts. Imagine the first person (say, Rand P
excellent suggestion!
Fuck the hijab, we respect our wamen here.
Whoever does this in Congress will get a check from me.
It would be a good move, but they don't have the balls to do it.
If I were in there you'd better be damn sure I'd wear mine every day
Yeeeep
Agreed
Wait? They did what? 
Naw. I don't mind allowing hats for religious members, but it should be like the army where there ar
Does this apply for those testifying before Congress? Maybe Tom Fitton should wear one next time.

A
At this point they should just hold congressional meetings inside a damn mosque.  We have to cater t
Disagree.  The rule should not have been repealed in the first place and must be reinstated.
How the fuck is this legal?

How is a government-backed cartel allowed to censor people it doesn't a
Mastercard and Visa are pulling some really shady shit. They need to be reigned back in and remind t
They are really clamping down in anticipation of 2020, aren't they?

No repeats of 2016. 
'Member when [Mastercard stop processing payments for Wikileaks](https://archive.vn/4Fysk). (and Vis
Next will be gun sales. Nip this in the bud.
economic censorship - https://youtu.be/wXSwx4e42ys            
visa and MC are de facto currency    
Conveniently down...
>"JUST CREATE YOUR OWN COUNTRY WITH ITS OWN CURRENCY, FINANCIAL SYSTEM, CREDIT CARD COMPANIES, AND I
Someone close to me was on a professional panel hosted by Mastercard. He said that Mastercard was ba
Okay. Fuck them. These globalists are clearly conspiring to shut down a valid American business via 
I kind of want this to continue to force the issue of cryptos and the pop-up of new exchanges. Event
This is why cash is as important as guns.
It’s not just Mastercard. Read about Operation Chokepoint. It’s an Obama-era DOJ initiative that let
I got banned from coinbase a long time ago for moving Bitcoin to an exchange I wasn't allowed to use
Tell mastercard to eat shit. This is a business opportunity for coinbase.
How did Mastercard force Coinbase to do this?  I don’t see anything about that in the tweet.  Coinba
Yep, the delusional "it's a free market" line will be the progressive answer, because muh raycism. 
This is how mafia works!
Why is knobody doing anything about this?
Paypal, mastercard are involved in anticompetitive and pol
Who the fuck at mastercard is pulling these strings
I suggest using crypto currencies as much as possible (avoid Coinbase though as they banned Gap too)
Hello Bitcoin! No one can stop that!
There is a fight club plot in there somewhere 
And multiple nothings will be done about it I'm sure.
Well all you have to do is look at Brian Armstrong and then tell me you're surprised by this lol. Th
[removed]
This is so troubling.Like Mark of beast type shit.
What does this have to do with Mastercard?
iT’s a pRiVaTe bUsInEsS!
Aren't all of these companies in Biden's Delaware ?
Credit companies need to be blocked from being allowed to enforce their will on the populace. This i
Coinbase only knows who users are because of government mandated KYC regulations that involve valida
Clouded crypto’s future is.
Crypto will eventually bring these monopolies down, however we should do anything in our power to pr
The DSA sympathizers at Mastercard need to be identified. 
Somebody is going to have to stop MasterCard. Honestly I am going to stop using credit this year. I'
Well, at least the one pulling the strings is being revealed. Now people know who to oppose. 
Follow the money, who on the board of Mastercard cares about this.
Wait huh? Why are credit card companies engaged in shutting down a social media platform?
Coinbase doesn't even allow credit card purchases anymore anyhow so... Why?? 
If the media reports on this, they will gloat and support the corporations who are doing it. Just ad
They'll try to ban cash sooner or later
What is MasterCard's deal? First they banned someone for campaigning against ISIS, now this. What is
Trumps DOJ will do nothing.  Just like nothing on 2018 election fraud, etc.,etc. 
This completely fucked. Crypto isn’t supposed to fall victim to this kind of shit. 
At this point gab should just post a bunch of mailbox addresses and ask people to send cash.
Mastercard?  That's still a thing?  huh
The SPLC is an anti white, anti Christian hate group that needs to be disbanded and have all of its 
The SPLC are openly anti-Christian. See how they went against Judge Amy Coney Barrett. 
The SPLC is a RICO organization and needs to be delt with accordingly.
Best podcast ever. I hope it goes more mainstream, I'm hurt when I see that the Dan Bongino Podcast 
SPLC is a Democrat shakedown organization, they used to be on my campus and ask poor college student
Why do we allow fraudulent anti-white organizations do operate within the US?
Wow that guy on the right looks like he makes cool music
Great show! Upvote this pedes they deserve some support
In practise, the SPLC fights against everything that Donald Trump stands for.
On new years eve they denied the holocaust happening right now in South Africa.   Disgusting, evil p
this [stossel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k41PI54ExFc) video is quite good as well
Hail victory 
The SPLC has been an extortive wing of the left since the early 2000’s, but who on earth is going to
Why are we sending BILLIONS to Israel yet we supposedly can't afford to protect our own border with 
SPLC secretly took talking points from the FBI. Then the FBI used 'SPLC data and talking points' to 
Amen. And I like to remind everyone, it's not our Governments job to give charity; it's private citi
DMs are always welcome if you have any questions, prayer requests, or simply want someone to talk to
Thank you for this. I understand many people in Muslim countries are receiving dreams about the Gosp
Ilberals in commiefornia today.

Edit
I cant imagine what kind of hellish noise goes on inside this persons head. 
What I see in this picture:

&nbsp;


I need attention!  Look at me.  LOOK at me!  SOMEONE look at h
Bono looking rough lately ..
The LV print bag is so basic 
Looks like Marge in the future
I think is about 85% of cases you can judge a book by the cover, but I’ve been very surprised by who
If someone stops and asks to take your picture there is a good chance they view you as a sideshow fr
It's president is probably some creature that resides on a planet far far away.
And Earth isn’t her planet
What the fuck are those names? DeFerranti? Kanninen?
that thing looks like a crossbreed between a pimp, an astronaut, and cotton candy
If you noticed, he's wearing that while standing next to a democrat poster advertising the "blue wav
Looks like that Vogue Editor with a new hairstyle.
Man is a Motherf\*\*king psychic 
Marge Simpson has really let herself go.
Its  the spin kicking imbecile Jordan hunt ! 
Trump IS NOT my President!


Bolsonaro is 
And Hillary is innocent. 
That bitch has sexy legs, ya know,  for a dude 
Welcome to Arlington, VA.
Orangemanbad.exe
The girl in the background is thrilled to no longer be the ugliest person in eyesight.
what goes wrong in the human brian
#PCP is one hell of a drug..I never thought I would see the day Marge Simpson went full junkie.
Not seeing this on his Twitter. Got sauce?
That is a Boomer meme if ever I've seen one.
I don't know why I didn't start doing this sooner, but there have been so many fake white-on-minorit
Also surprising (it's not) that most major news outlets are not showing the mugshot of the person ar
The left's racial uncertainty principle:  If a Hispanic commits a crime, he's white.  If he's crossi
If I had a nickel for everytime a caucasian suspect was arrested for murder in a drive-by shooting i
Black guy. Eric black Jr young gangbanger already arrested and admitted to it. Shaun King offered $6
To the Main Stream Misleadia: what would we do without you master race-baiters?
Wow, I really thought this case was going to be another Diane Downs, right down to the "Bushy (beard
Whoa, hold up! I saw this story break, and the description of the suspect was a white male, with a b
And let the deafening silence commence.  
He was wearing a MAGA hat and red armband 
Maximum of 2 STDs to relocate back to Canada
No. It is money and freedom. Especially the money.


Don’t be Fake News - he stays here so he doesn’
Hell, if I was the Canadian PM I'd pay Trump to keep him in America 
He's Canadian? I guess that explains how Ace Ventura is the only movie where he doesn't deliver all 
Isn't funny how when an American gets famous they never go to Canada to reap all the perks you hear 
Not true. At this moment in time border crossers are given a waifu pillow of their choice, a free ou
Fuck Jim*

FTFY
Jim’s STD’s are rotting his brain
Jim Carrey moved from Canada to the US and it lowered the IQ of both countries.
Lol at something smart people say. 
Downvote brigade is here. Let’s upvote our pedes. 
She saw what Hillary looked like after breaking the pact with Moloch on election night, so now she w
You made the Cortez drawing too pretty. Left handed drawing next time k. 
🌶️🌶️🌶️ **Moar Spice of the Day!** 🌶️🌶️🌶️

[https://www.reddit.com/r/The\_Donald/comments/ad52la/wall
My mommy will take it all over 
I can’t upvote this enough. 
Alexandra Pelosi Ford 
So sad too, I used to love that goofy fucker.  Libs got to Jim too. 
Did some article get posted with Jimbo whining about TD?
Did I miss something last nigh with Jim Carey?
I just lifted my ass from a water-filled ceramic art fixture and Bam!

I saw a Carrey in that toilet
The guy must have the worst case of TDS known to man, he spends his time painting a manifestation of
This is actually Jim Carrey reading back his STD results. 
Presidents don’t submit bills. Civics 101.

This wasn’t sent to Congress by President Trump, this wa
MY GOD, YES.

ABOLISH THE IRS.  
Abolishing the IRS would, in a single act, make Trump the greatest President of all time, if not the
When did Trump mention he wants to abolish the IRS?
This is YUGE! 

&nbsp; 1) Who is our Comptroller 

&nbsp;  2) If Congress doesn't pass this, can he 
Trump, the Anti-cuck !!  The cuck stops here !!
Sigh... *unzips*
TO THE TOP. AUDIT THE FED!!!!
Holy shit. This could be everything. paging Rand Paul!
Greatest president in our history, hands down.
Introduced into the house where it will die in democratic  committee? Why wasn't this introduced a y
HR 25 and S 25 has been the Fairtax bill in pretty much every congress for a decade+

Originally wri
Please let it pass, fuck the IRS. 
Wow that would be amazing.
Even the joker fears the irs but not trump
They couldn’t fucking do this when Republicans has a majority in both houses??
Nice virtue signalling - it'll never pass EITHER house of congress.
Same day of Bitcoin's 10 year anniversary. **Coin**cidence?
These pussies would have never pushed a bill like this when they could have passed it. Fucking loser
why is abolishing the IRS so popular here? I mean i could understand since they have been used to au
Beautiful.

**Do notice that** POTUS has already been highlighting the risks to our markets (affecti
This is real change that could save the Republic, not moving chairs around on a sinking ship.  Get o
Rep. Woodall pushed it, not Trump. And he is an absolute MAD LAD, I LOVE IT.
¸Fight the FED? I'm afraid he'll get Kennedy-ed
Stay out of convertibles Daddy ☹️
END THE FED
please stop, my dick can only get so erect.
Question. Why is this submitted on the day the Republicans lose control on the House of Reps? Could 
We don't need Congress to abolish the Fed or the IRS.  
Tax revolt.  
Are you going to file taxes li
This will never happen, but its a fun thought!
The beast will never be removed. Forget about it. Idol worship is too strong on this one. 
This could be the main center of the derpstate 
So without income tax, what other taxables will increase? I feel like we can't just get rid of taxes
I want to believe.
As much as I want it, this will never happen. Most Republicans and Democrats alike will never suppor
Likely to be shot down in subcommittee. Still, worth tracking. Call your reps and make sure they kno
Links to bills on Congress.gov

H.R.24 - https://www.congress.gov/bill/116th-congress/house-bill/24?
Holy shit he is the fucking CHOSEN ONE.
Rob Woodall is my guy!  We almost lost him because Dekalb and Gwinnett county voted for a GD communi
[removed]
#YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES #YES 
There will a bunch of symbolic legislation introduced known not to go anywhere. 
Two years of payche
Now that we have a divided congress, both sides will put forward extreme bills that the other house 
I cant possibly get any more erect....or can I? 🤔
Looooooolllllsssssss.  Demoncrats control the house. Trumps legislative agenda is dead. 
the IRS one will literally never happen
Sorry, this is conservative, virtue signaling bullshit at its finest, now that Dems have the House. 
Alright, so I get the sentiment of abolishing the IRS, but what happens after? Does another agency r
####Posted by u/TrevBales in r/HumansBeingBros

####[》》》Link to Original Post《《《](https://www.reddit
An excellent lesson for your son. Excellent work
That old guy probably has so much life experience to share. All you have to do is ask. Free life les
See this is great! Why cant the media promote this stuff? Instead they promote hate.
Pretty cool even for a Michigan fan :P 

We honestly need more social gatherings and mixers
This is what life’s about 
This is what grassroots MAGA is! 
That is sweet and this guy is a treasure to humanity.
Thank you! Bravo! 
CNN:  Friendless white supremacist invades black man's space, whitesplains white history
Another life lesson. If you don't get married and have kids you can easily end up alone in the end.
But /redacted said we're all racists ?
Everyone,

Spend time with the elderly. Even if they are not related to you. Volunteer at a retireme
God bless America 
Hail to the Victors
I had a run-in with a Canadian dude kind of wandering the extremely crowded bar looking for eye cont
I was at a fast food joint a while back, and this old man in a scooter was wearing a WW2 VET hat.  I
I was riding from the airport to Doraville on the Marta train in Atlanta. I had a great conversation
This guy seems like a nice person and a good dad. I’m not even gonna talk shit about Michigan, that’
Go Blue!
Roosters has great wings
I'm not crying, you're crying
Love stories like this. Thanks for posting it.
In my opinion this is more the norm or majority, people basically just want "Don't Tread On Me" and 
Fuck yeah 
**R**
Well done, sir! Honor!
Amen brother! 
Amen to this. 
Now that’s Murica! Right on dude!
It's always nice to see things like this happen.
Awesome! #thisisamerica 
!!!!!!!! 
Great American men.
Great story! We should all try to love everyone that gives us the chance. Hate is a awful disease.
This is what MLK died for 
Who can we work with to get this hero some love? Can we flood him with thank you cards for his servi
You are a good man. Cheers bro.
😭😭😭😭😭
Wish I had more up votes to give.
Be still my heart... You made my day. This is so. Sweet!!
Share the love Bro
This is the America I know and want to preserve for my kids. That was epic, very cool.
Actually this is his wifes dad. lol
Sad that the trolls from r/Politics are downvoting this 
Damn man way to make this wholesome 
Must be Ohio? Not sure There are Roosters outside of IOhio. Maybe KY

More up votes please!!!
Dude your an inspiration! Thanks for sharing!
It's sad that such acts of kindness are noteworthy nowadays...


Great stuff though!
Awesome!
These damn onions.....excuse me I think I have something in my eye...
These aren’t tears... 😭 
That's awesome! Thank you for posting that. 
Racism was conquered in America by the Love Generation. Love Trumps Hate. Great Story. Great AMERICA
It's acts like this one which help to balance the stark discrepancies in the crime stats.
Yay... \[group hug\]
that's a really neat story. Thx for sharing.
This is so awesome, I love it. What a great act of kindness and what great father!
God Bless you Patriots!
This is What being an american is all about
Deo gratias. Blessings upon him. 
Blessings. GO BLUE!
God bless them all!!! 🇺🇸 
America is truly an amazing place full of these kinds of great people. 
I think I know that guy. Are you in Louisville?
Thanks for sharing this
Ah man, wow. 
I love getting a big dumb goofy smile on my face after seeing truly heartwarming things like this 😊
This just warmed my heart up so. Jesus , Thank you.
And remember before judging someone else... you don't know what in the world they may be trying to d
This is exactly what liberals don't want.
Good people!  Respect!
You are a great American. 
Thanks for your act of kindness. There are many lonely people out there.
What a fine PATRIOT you are dear sir, and a wonderful example to your son! WWH1WGA!!
You rock my friend! A good daddy too!!
Hello Michigan! Go Gators!
I thought that was Some Black Guy from YouTube at first. If y’all haven’t watched his videos you def
This is what I’ll  love to see every day. MAGA 🇺🇸❤️
is that jerry's  dad from seinfeld? Man he still looks the same as he was in the 90's
Some hope has been restored
We get it. You’re a good person. 
Why yes it is a great wholesome post amongst the anger and violence, what does it have to do with Do
Imagine how low CNN view count would be if we stopped going there. 
Keeping in mind that probably 300k of those for CNN are contractually forced to be on - airports, ho
Sauce on the TD numbers?
I damn sure don't watch their obvious narrative ass.
Isn’t it funny how r/politics is 90%filled with anti Trump posts too? Do they declare themselves as 
Unique visitors would be the more comparable metric 
So-called “journalists” deserves contempt and castigation.  Imagine a job where you intentionally de
Work for the department of Defense. Depending on who’s in the cafe (lunch area) it’s fox or cnn. Onl
Lot of pageviews for "693k" subscribers...
T_D has the most shitpostings while everything CNN posts is shit.
CNN = NPC bot viewers
Is this verifiable in any way? Would love to repost this. 
I'd bet a plate of tendies that the actual T_D pageview number is 17 million.
I SERIOUSLY doubt that number for CNN.

Even if it's close to that...if you take away all the busine
You know it's actually more like 17 million page views, but that's none of my business
This is why they want perpetual wars
I remember that The Alex Jones Channel on YouTube in comparison had about 2.2 million subscribers. S
Sadly, MSNBC still had more viewers. 

That needs to change.  
They hate us cause they anus
CNN is fake news
Sauce?
page views ≠ daily viewers
Gotta admit. About one million of those T\_D page views are mine.
But only 700k subscribers guys, I swear!

-spez
T_D needs it’s own website. Generate ad revenue that doesn’t go to reddit. 
We need a The_Donald channel on TV
Is there really 6Mil + Subs on this Sub?

is there any proof to that? I think its bs if theyre keepi
It’s easier to go to a Subreddit then turn to the news and with subs as controversial as this, many 
One more page view here! No need to thank.
Is this fake news CNN?
These aren't comparable numbers. It's like comparing volume to weight
[removed]
Wow! I'm surprised that 1.3 million Americans are so retarded that they tune into that crap daily on
Enough with the memes build the wall.
... says the guy who refuses to negotiate.

They have no leadership.
Nope. There's no containing memes once they're unleashed.

How many times since the 2016 election ha
You gotta cry like a little bitch again before we even listen, Chuck. Also, the wall is still gonna 
Schumer is just an asshole.  That stupid face looking over the low riding glasses, the sound of that
Innocent??!?! How dare u!! Illegals are killing our innocent people 
Even if Twatter blocks POTUS they can’t block 6 million Pedes. Do your part!
Fuck you schumer 
This is going to be a meme itself.  😂

On a side note,  they have 0 logical arguments against the wa
Streisand effect in action. 
You heard the man. Shut it down, boys.
I would be delighted to even get unpaid time off. Why should I care about this DC apparatchik.
Hey Chuck.... Quit KILLING innocent people and defund Planned Parenthood!
Cry. Do his bidding.
😂
If twitter had not banned me I would tell schumer to fuck off.
Guise stop with the memes I'm super serious
It's afraid.
Build the wall and we'll reopen the government. 
He should be flooded with pictures of those killed by illegal aliens, and asked to tell us all more 
Well that was stupid of him, now we know that it bothers him.  
Why have no mobs run down his wall or jumped it or something lol
Schumer, Americans are being hurt by your blind loyalty to the human and drug traffickers and illega
Jim Carrey is off the rails and deranged. Should be on suicide watch.
He’s a self-obsessed West Swamp cry baby.
Would it really matter what he tells anyone? Now was he Dumb or Dumber?
Christ !! I never even thought of using his 3rd grade art skills as a meme background......because i
The best part is that the quotes are unattributed. I envision them as the voices in his head.
Spicy!
I love it, but why today do we have such a hard on for destroying Jim Carrey? 
Thank God I can still love this wonderful movie through my love for Charlie Kaufman. 
Mocking? No, confirming. 
great film though. 
I still don't understand how the democrats can defend this. Let's say they're right (they aren't) an
CNN: Trump says Pence is leaving the White House
I’m convinced Schumer/Pelosi hate America. Build that wall mr president, we’re counting on you
This.  It's time to FIX THE PROBLEM.  Not really anything else to do until this problem is FIXED.  

Dems are stalling, waiting for outrage on the extended gov shutdown. I think they will use that to b
National emergency. Be done with this shit. 
If he doesn’t get the wall before his term ends, he should make a final executive order, to rip down
Pray for POTUS
Build the wall baby 
It's gonna be Trumps way. He won the election with this agenda, and he has a legitimate right to car
Pence is the greatest wingman in the history of the USA
#National Emergency! Bypass Congress!
Trump's not going to sit with those who don't negotiate in good faith.  Let them eat Pence.
#TWO SCOOPS TWO GENDERS TWO TERMS A TRUMP WALL AND A PENCE FENCE
And THEY’RE going to pay for it!!!!
Five billion dollars is barely lunch money to congress. They spend 3 trillion annually.

Close the a
Get it done, Mr. Vice President!
#FIX THAT SHIT DEMOCRATS ! YOU OWN IT !!!
In Cancun and Jamaica all the resorts have walls. They seem to keep out people who are not guests pr
Really not that much to talk about.  Are you ready to fork over the money?  No?  OK, let's break for
These daily updates are great. Trump is working and dealing, his realm. Lay it out clearly for us da
Mr. President, if you read this:. Don't quit. Build the wall. You have the support of the nation!
WALL
Trump has the ability to fund/build the wall multiple different ways by now. He is allowing the left
The wall will get built. The Dems have 0 leverage. Trump knows exactly how to work people with no le
Thank God the president is not backing down. These people will whine about how we cant afford it and
No more can kicking Americas problem down the road.
Israel’s wall works.  The Vatican’s wall works. China’s wall worked.  The walls splitting North and 
It’s astounding to me how so many of those same Democrats had espoused a desire for a wall, but now 
Make it law that dual-citizens can't hold office and kick Pelosi, Schumer, and everyone else with al
I think we should also demand that Hillary Clinton gets locked up, as part of the deal. In shackles,
So Schumer and pelosi sent some "representatives"...

Shows how much they care about Border Security
Screw it, do it without them. 
Keep it shut down for years.
The Globalist Party...umm I mean Democrats... are not willing to give us our country back that easil
Democrats have to be in bed with cartels. Why are they fighting border security so hard! #SinaloaSch
If its war they want its war they'll get. Go scorched earth!
Let me guess geotus was unwilling to allow an unspecified amount of non residents to enter unmoleste
The fact they refuse to even negotiate is what is so infuriating. In a good deal, both sides will fe
This is why we elected a businessman. His goal is to fix things/get things done. Career politicians'
Everyone here needs to understand that the wall is symbolic, but *that's why we need it*. The erecti
I love that he's pumping the media with the democrat obstruction. When he finally declares a state o
Our president isn't giving in to the rats. I wish Republicans would follow him. This is why he earne
Trump's in the White House but not Chuck and Nancy, only their REPRESENTATIVES.  Did they knock on t
Not really familiar with US politics, is Pence significantly more active than VPs usually are?
Why not make a stand when there was a Republican Congress? This will simply drag on two years unless
Democrats have to be some of the most stupid people on the planet. Never ceases to amaze me. 
I read the text before i saw it was a Trump tweet and was like "oh wow someone on the inside with th
God Speed President Trump. America is with you!! 
[removed]
Stay strong.  Don’t give in.  Fuck the Dems
After we finish with the southern wall let’s build a wall for the snow Mexicans too
If he loses this fight he's not getting reelected. They know this, he knows this.  
They will not le
POTUS should skip Pelosi/Schumer/DNC, and negotiate directly with Soros!
I love this man so much. Would give him and/or Pence a big hug if I could! 
I’m so shocked that no progress has been made.  It’s difficult to negotiate with anti-American imbec
The Congress pick is hilarious.

Saying Republicans of pick white people by showing blacks and Hispa
TheTeam must have the patience of lions dealing with dimwit gazelles stumbling over their own farcic
Make my family safe again. 
Had an argument with the GF. BLAMING TRUMP LOL. I laid it out simple...

Trump wants wall. Dems don'
I have an idea....if Schumer/Pelosi end this shutdown by funding the wall, we can give all federal w
Locks don’t work either. Locks are racist.
If walls dont work, how can they b immoral? It's not blocking anyone, right?? Pelosi is such an idio
HIGH ENERGY! Bloated shit bag pouts about idiotic idea to build a wall. Stops paying gov workers and
You are the best and toughest President ever! 
CNN Headline : TRUMP WANTS TO ENACT FINAL SOLUTION FOR THE MEXICAN "PROBLEM"
legal experts said Trump could find surer footing by using "un-obligated" money within the Defense D
So someone once counter-argued me by saying *most* illegals come by air and overstaying visas, and s
Pedes: I might be close to opening up my buddy to the high energy ways! He has stated that he has no
The funding for the wall is already there. The shut down is nothing more than shit show grand standi
Just stop talking to them for a while. They aren't 'negotiating' in good faith. They already voted f
[removed]
do not anything, just say MAGA!
One of the ways you starve the beast is you sedate it.  The Democrats are the ones who want to start
He’s going full GoT
Barron is lurking around here on The_Donald, telling Donald Trump that we loved he’s post so much, i
Good Morning Mr. President.  Do you enjoy browsing this sub?
Pinned. Like a wall guarding his other posts. 
Can it have .50 cals in the top?
Can we genetically engineer a dragon for him? 
Why is he apologizing? Why isn’t SHE apologizing? 
FreshMAN?

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
So a dem finally spoke up?  Wonder how long it would’ve taken if the shoe were on the other foot.  L
Empty words.

Manchin provides material support to the American communist party every single day.
BAMF bad assed mother fucker the guy u want to stand behind in the zombie apocalypse. That is TRUMP.
Freshwoperchild
Does not matter what you say, Joe. You are still a member of that party.
Words are cheap, do something about it.  Like maybe not associating with the party of gun grabbing s
Freshman? She first took a governing position Jan 2009. 
When will Manchin apologize for conspiring against American rights?

(Never)
This picture needs to be posted everywhere but with the actual numbers and percentages
Going about this all wrong. Trump shut down a portion of the government until we get border security
This post was crossposted to r/toptalent by u/StillANNONin ( [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/POLITIC
You mean why Donald Trump shut down the government.
A shutdown which trump SAYS IN FRONT OF CAMERA that he’ll own?
'scuse me while i go bleach my eyes. 
This is the only way I can see him from now on ! 
With one post you have ruined both cheerleaders, and afros for me for life.
Well he loves getting on his knees. 
I need a new loofa.
Wow, he finally found his true calling! Good for him.
Still don't want him taking a knee.
How dare you sir. 
Hahahaha!
Oh my sides
I could have gone my whole life without seeing tranny Kaepernick
San Francisco 69ers
You know his NFL buddies sending him this with LMAO's
The most arabic looking supposed biracial black-white guy I've ever seen.
DELET THIS
You evil genius.
you need to add a Nike - Just Do It. on the bottom
[removed]
Ew
Why the Cowboys though?
I thought y'all stopped watching the NFL?
"Enslaving them"  oh my gawd, what IS IT w democrats and their love of slavery?? 
Pretty sure the wealthy white liberals living in the city are the first to get all their shit looted
Huh. Food comes from port cities rather than farms. Who knew. 
They only hit 90% edge, so close to full Edgelord, but they forgot to include our pets!

*I will boi
Democrats are the party of mental illness 
It’s the silent majority that you have to worry about 
We should take a step back and realize this person lives well in America. Probably never missed a me
> port cities

Uh huh. Those same port cities that then get assfucked by naval blockade by sea, whil
Port cities? I’m thinking the farm lands are located in the interior of America.
Three things: 

the US military is mostly conservative. 

Texas, Alabama, Georigia, Carolina and con
The vast vast majority are unarmed.  Dunno waht this fool is smoking...
BRING IT ON! I'm terrified of 125 Lb. "Soy-Men" & 300 Lb "New Womyn" on a rampage. "The Slaughter of
So genocide. Sounds totally not evil at all.
"killing the conservatives' children first."

And that, is why I own 78 guns.
That's some copypasta material for you. The hubris in thinking his weak ass could accomplish any of 
So *that's* why I woke up with an erection this morning.
Take yer swing cocksucker! 



Seriously though, if they haven't done shit by now, when? 
Good luck with that PusheenUoffBuildings....the last guy that tried to break into my house got to kn
A) And the rest of the country actually grows your food, and controls the headwaters of your water s
This is not someone seeking Justice this is someone who has a sick problem hiding behind virtue sign
This guy was calling me a sub human degenerate through reddit pm.  Hes actually retarded.
Food comes from the Midwest you fuckwit, oil from the South, and the entire South is full of major p
Jokes on them. 3 of the top 5 ports come through Louisiana. You’ve heard of the Cajun Navy, right?  
This guys whole comment history is like the “private position” of Hilary Clinton. Anyone on the righ
Two words for that fuck... "Bring it."
Its ginger snap vape kid in his ma'ams basement no worries
A big city runs out of food in three days.  Sure, go ahead and rely on ports and hope the boats get 
Found the muslim
"Now if you excuse me my Mum says it's dinny-time."
Just another faggot living in fantasyland. 
Lil Bolshevik may have to put down his joint and figure out how to use a gun if he/she is going to h
Real threat of violence. Report to police 
Would this kind of posting be something that red flag laws were meant for? To make sure that this ki
This guy better be banned.  Probably some Somali immigrant in Michigan 
If he/she did that, then who would go to work?
Seething resentment rooted in envy.
Report this sick fuck, asshole needs to be on a watchlist for real.
r/iamverybadass
Must be a Muslim who hates gays with a username like that
This person is a troll. I've seen some of their posts on r/ShitPoliticsSays
What a cringelord, zir probably never even looked at a gun
Muh Maga Bomber
These people are so fucked in the head. 
this is so retarded that i wouldn't herd him with the leftists. just a basement dweller fatass douch
Leftists are super unarmed. They hate guns way too much to have one and go to the range. 
They live in weird fantasy lands. I’ve yet to meet a leftist who isn’t a giant vageen. Google “antif
Lol what a username my word...sickening 
Ayyy I was in that post it’s on unpopular opinions.
What a try-hard faggot. For fuck's sake. 
This person is probably a giant vagina who hides behind his keyboard. 
Might have to polish up my old m39. They were quite effective against commies in the 40s.
>we control the supply lines of food

imagine thinking food magically appears in the grocery store
".. and finishing by capturing.. ". How would they (the leftist cuck) make them (the Chad right) wat
Just an edgelord troll...all bark, no bite.
Pretty sure this guy is just a troll.
The leftists always out themselves as the truly hateful. Every time. Likely these soy boys are weak 
[Obligatory, relevant link.](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/47fl0n/is_a_nonviolent_rev
Turn out the lights

Make the water undrinkable 

Build a perimeter and contain.

Liberal cities wil
artillery time? i think it is artillery time, "Californian screaming getting drowned out by howitzer
Yeah he might get away with that psychotic behavior...once.. At which point he's introduced to a nig
There’s no way that isn’t fake/someone pretending to be an insane liberal stereotype. Not to mention
Which is why I will never give up my guns.
This idiot thinks we import a majority of our food from other countries?
Holy shit, the stupidity is just too much!  
One of the stereotypical, endlessly drawn-out, cliche a
All this because Trump wants stronger borders and hes not nice. 
That same user has been posting tons of insanity and hatred, been linked a few times in shitpolitics
It always comes down to touching genitalia for democrats.
Guarantee this piece of shit would instantly transform into a pants-shitting dunce the moment physic
I’ve had liberals use really vile language with me, and all I was doing was defending myself and my 
Oh. So they want to starve the South again. Got it. 
Yeah I'm terrified of his airsoft guns....hahaha. I guess we should be happy the prices of ammo are 
Jesus. When will MSM start condemning Reddit as a place where young people are radicalised to the le
Do you want a fun fact? The cities need the rural areas while the rural areas don’t need jack shit. 
We grow the good. It’s not imported, idiots. And we also control the water. Fucktards. 
[deleted]
Whoa
Account is 8 days old. Probably a troll. 
Soulless... how can a human being say something like that?
This should be reported to FBI, sounds like a terrorist plot, to me!
https://tips.fbi.gov/
some truth to it though


NEVER UNDERESTIMATE YOUR ENEMY
Should be prosecuted for terroristic threats!
Shouldn’t this person be on some kind of watch list?

Evil fucker!!
Holy shit wtf
Good.
Luck.
With.
That.
Now that’s real communism
well to be fair the far left has historically been super good at killing their own citizens.  grante
Tough talk from AntiFa. LOL.
Lmao this is the same dude who posted comments asking for bull dick pics. Look at his history.

He's
"Conservatives" in this NPC's programming can only be male, and their families and friends are just 
That guy comes after my family and I'll rip off his head and beat him unconscious with it.
He forgot we have .50 caliber sniper rifles and shoot with accuracy. .22 calibers cannot reach us.
Lolololol.  If anyone is going into camps it’s the Leftists.  I nominate Fort Irwin.
lol these people vote
For one, this person should be reported, but second, this is not surprising from the party that murd
Why no link
These people can bearly get/keep jobs let alone band together and murder millions of people by hand.
To the pain
That went from 5 to 100 instantly.
It doesn't matter if you have arms or not. Even if you have, just look at Chile.
For anyone wishing to understand a little more the mind of a leftist/progressive.

https://youtu.be/
Perfectly sane, absolutely normal.
I'm getting the impression that they are just trolling. 
call the cops
jesus fuck man
Why even respond to 15 year-olds?
So, they'll act like Muslims do then?
I have always fiercely protected my family. I didn’t think that instinct could be any stronger. Now,
I really hope some one reported him to the fbi. That’s prison time right there 
If he only knew what was coming
I could let 4chan play with him, but I'm not that cruel. Maybe...
Yes, but any force in control of the military kinda control the fleet....  


  
Soooooooooo........
Yes, one deranged leftist speaks all, of course.
I can’t stand Legend’s politics, but give him credit for doing that doc.
Wait till they look into government 
It was never a secret so...
They all love to fuck children.  


Isnt your baby a moon baby? 


These people have spent a lifetime pretending to be something or someone they are not. Never lived i
Actors get in front of camera and act. 
You couldn't pay me to watch this garbage. 
Dance monkeys
Let’s play dress up and use makeup. I’m a dipshit from a comic book with a cape it’s so cool.  Let m
Screw each and every one of these idiots. Don't got to the movies. Don't give them a dollar. If you 
Joss Whedon of the metoo fame? The guy whose own fan club shut itself down a couple years ago over h
Holllyweird is dying. 
Mark Ruffalo is the worst.

'Member the time when he appeared on Bill Maher and said "The Avengers" 
Court jesters should dance on command and not try to lead the kingdom. 
"Hey, America.  I'm a rich Hollywood liberal.  I know everything and you know nothing".
I see weak humans.
But they are TV. They say orange man bad.. ORANGE MAN BAD
All of them are white. The left is racist. Reeeeeee
Never watched a superhero movie and never will
Seth rich?

His name was rich. His name was rich. HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH. HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH!!
HIS
😢 I get so pissed/sad whenever I see these posts. Never forget. 
HIS NAME IS SETH RICH
His pictured girlfriend knows what happened and is covering it up
Seth Rich. Someday in heaven I hope to shake his hand.
We won't. His name is used to collect imaginary internet points daily.
Justice for SETH..... incoming
He died so that America could live.  

We owe him so much more than show.  
His name was Seth Rich ❤️
They must have received a hell of a lot of money.  You can have money or bring down deep state. No i
[removed]
Gary from accounting?
Even the leftist "peaceful " protesters dont do this.
I remember when BLM **intentionally** blocked ambulances in one of their protests (for reasons?). In
Bless those patriots. Good men and women, every one.
https://youtu.be/gvCdAuBBh0U


https://youtu.be/2IfyI69IQSg

https://youtu.be/mYgF2O9qfw4
When was this video made. I keep hearing mixed report that the yellow vest movement is either growin
Symbolic af.  Part for the ambulancebut the ambulance has to go around the french flag.
That's what a 1st world revolution looks like.

What separates us from them: order vs. chaos.
They are not mindless one-agenda-driven lackeys. They’re real people who are there for real reasons.
BUT THEY'RE RIOTING DONTCHA KNOW! /s

I'm sure there are groups that put on the vest to cause troubl
Poor dumb bastards, that’s how Macron escaped past them!
Honest hardworking people, just want the best which their leaders have disgraced.
TD is happy about this!?  But the rest of reddit told me everyone here was inciting violence! Reeeee
I’m surprised this made it to the front page. 
Well yeah, the ambulance is probably on the way to treat someone who got stabbed over cultural diver
Can someone please toss me a Twitter link for this vid. I wanna share it. 
That was a lot of people in that march.
So much deep truth revealed in one short clip.
That is quite something. Impressive. 
The Yellow West protests aren't left or right. It's the people protesting the elite.
They allowed the ambulance to pass through because they are human beings.

Democrats and the new lef
Look at those crowds....I’m freaking impressed by the French right now.  Keep it up, the world is wa
I'm French and this made me genuinely happy to see that people doesn't only think we're mobs.
That is a thing of beauty.

VIVE' le resistance.......or whatever.
Because the driver and EMTs are probably with them in their protest. 
Does anyone know what the flag says at the end?
The French government better be shitting bricks right now. 
I mean, good on them for getting out of the way, but some of those folks should move a lot faster.  
I think you’ll find they are a leftist mob 
it IS a leftist mob you idiots, wherever you're getting your information from you need to change it 
Humans being bros.
Usually the "peace" mobs are the reason for the ambulance
 I hope the person got help n was ok
Burros do caralho, não percebem que os coletes amarelos são gente de direita e esquerda contra o Gov
Hope the brave Frenchmen win, here is to them, Hip, hip....
Beautiful video. Viva the French spirit!
These people aren't leftists, they are intelligent. They don't want to burn it all down, they just w
A few days ago i was going to ask how we can justify supporting these mass protests when we get rile
The yellow vests protests in France have plenty of leftists. There are nearly as many leftists in th
just like blm mobs
One for alll and all for one
Nicely done!
Wait can this be a thing?? We (people who can photoshop) should make campaign memes with known celeb
Use the skew tool in photoshop , and get this hat sitting right....This is just the kind of stuff th
Since when?
Jesus, that face is terrifying. Reminds me of the Scary Stories books: [https://www.google.com/imgre
🔺    👌 🐸👍 🇺🇸
The problem is...We should be...

If we are so passive that we let them steal 2018..what hope do we 
[removed]
Watched a good video recently that essentially said we make ourselves victims with giving ourselves 
**ElderPede here:** It's almost funny, (hahaha). The big deal they're making over the democrat party
They are already trying to ruin everything though. Not gonna deny that.
I’m sorry but DNC?
This is truth.  Thank you for the meme sauce.
I gotta go to work. I don’t have time to scream in the air or think about 20 billion genders. 
Somehow this reinforces their logic to have riots and protest like little loser bitches. 

Something
The difference is, the day we do riot, we will become the solution, not the problem. 
It's because we have to be at work.
Everyone says that she only married him for money and a green card, but she already had money when t
Magic FLOTUS! 
Trump is unpopular because he loves America so much. 

Prove me wrong. 
Real American imigrant.
#And we love you, FLOTUS!
FLOTUS ROCKS!!!!!  Definitely a nice change from, “For the first time in my life I’m actually proud 
Let’s get more flotus content. She’s wonderful!
I can never do what Donald Trump did. I simply don’t have the courage, strength, or intelligence to 
She's the best
Immigrants who have legally come to this country seem to love it even more than people born here. I 
Lost a billion dollars, refuses to get paid, he and his family are mocked, attacked and subected to 
#believeallwomen
OTP ❤️ We have the best First Lady and President, don’t we folks?
The best.
Melania ♥️
You can go back and watch interviews from more than 30 years ago where Donald Trump was saying the e
Dass rayssiss 
"...like me, he loves this country so much." Something you would never hear Michelle Obama say.
The [61st amendment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPBrt-mdNmQ&t=0m14s) again becomes relevant.
🌶🔥
That cheered me up
What did he do now?
He is sporting a Michael Bump
“Riddle me this...riddle me that....I’m directly responsible for my girlfriends death. Shit. Can I g
Genuinely lol'd
I cannot sanction your buffoonery! 
Spicy 
This is the funniest one so far.
How about leaving ALL of them!
I’m not asking. They’re not yours to take. 
Gen Z is a little older than that. Nonetheless it's right. The government should just stay shut down
Generation Z is going to rip the millennials a new asshole in years to come. ;)
Can we please have our fourth amendment back?
They should leave us all of our rights.
Perhaps our President should point out that 24% of CA prisoners are illegal. Clearly, we need to BUI
It is very true. Countless lives are being destroyed by the drugs pouring into our southern borders.
"Inevitable" my erection just got twice the size
This is President Trump, trumping the Dems, he knows he can build the entire wall from Defense money
The public is definitely behind the President on this one.  Stupid democrats should give him the mon
Except weed. I like international pharmaceutical trade, just not the [violent rapists] (https://www.
It’s in Morse code: --- .-. .- -. --. . / -- .- -. / -... .- -..
It looks like that black dude is dancing to his clapping ass cheeks. 
Jim’s Scary?
HAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAH!!!!

What a funny thing that guy is doing!!!
Ah, back in the good ole Jim Carrey days!

"Excuse me, I must ass you a question. Do you have any br
She basically said "There are thousands of people in my State that are suffering but LOL! Screw thos
I had to read that twice to make sure it was a dumb as I thought it sounded
How is it legal to donate their pay, paid for by constituents taxes, to go to non-citizens?
Fauxcahontas is a certified dipshit.
Term Limits, Age Limits, Health Limits & Automatic Disqualifications. At least 90% of the Dems that 
Pocahontas will not ever be elected president. At this rate, she might not get reelected.

&#x200B;

Needs criticized over this more than the beer thing
Deplorable
Translation: OrangeManBad has made thousands of Americans suffer. I don’t give a fuck about American
Look Mom! Its retarded!
Democrats: "We are fighting for the American people."  
Also Democrats: "We refuse to fund a much ne
Which salary?  The $400k one she raped from that college.
Same as the idiots who are voting for foreign aid, which never helps the people who need it the most
What a stupid bitch.
Her and the govt. workers not getting paid, nothing of value has been lost. Start the state of emerg
Thousands of citizens need money, I'm donating my money to help non citizens! 

She is trying to sou
This is what the Democrats want to have in the White House..... OH A BUNCH OF AMERICANS “WORKING WIT
Some people actually liked Killmonger because he wanted to eradicate white people. They identify wit
Africa has had a long time to get its shit together it's achieved nothing of value so here's a ficti
Wakanda:  

Protected by incredible border security, even to the point that they deny existence of t
Democrats are simply too stupid to see the obvious cracks in their logic.
You'll also notice they didn't share their wealth and all the farmers just outside their shield WALL
Atlantis also has a very strong border and Customs n border patrol....

aquaman
I didn't watch, and won't watch the movie. It's probably decent but I'm not a marvel fanboy, and the
Yeah I boycotted that movie, "it's our time" I read between the lines, movie wasn't made for me.
i've never understood why the left rallied behind the movie (outside of "muh diversity"). a big mess
Fun fact: The attack rino was named McCain. 
Forcefields Work. Walls don't.

\- Chacka Schumu
Tickles the shit outa me when I see grown-ass men posing in tough boy thug mode in their profile pic
Yeah but wakanda is all black beeple so it’s 100% diverse 
Wakanda is African Trumpland.
At least the movie had a villain with an illegitimate claim to leadership, and an intention to fund 
Never saw it. Is it worth it?
It’s like raaaaaaain, on your wedding day!
# BUT MUH SKIN COLOR
It would be hilarious if trump tweeted out the wakanda border for America. The left would loose thei
Since Democrats are so keen on funding everybody else, we should just send Canada and Mexico aid in 
Why are you comparing the wall to an imaginary place in a Hollywood movie? Lessens the importance an
The villain also wanted to turn the world into a globalist society ruled by Wakanda.
I've heard people try to argue that he is also the first black superhero on the big screen which isn
Will never watch a marvel movie after I saw the crap the marvel actors pulled in that anti trump vot
"HERE IN WAH-KAN-DAH... WE HAVE GREAT... REALLY GREAT VIBRANIUM... JUST THE BEST VIBRANIUM.... LET M
According to Chadwick Boseman (actor who plays T’Challa), Black Panther, the hero of this Marvel sup
But in the end they take down their walls.....
Buy guns lads.  And ammo.  
I raise my children properly so they don’t rob, cheat, steal and kill when they become adults.  This
“Privileged parents” can read the full story here! https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/white-kids-
Invisible and unspoken...

What is something that does not exist Alec.
The only way to rid ourselves of racism is to teach what the Bible says "God made man in His own ima
If OP noticed that “white children are everywhere,” then their whiteness is clearly NOT “invisible” 
Let's make pigtails a fashion statement. 
White guy
No. They hate whoever is not as white and blue blood as they think they are. 
Blacks is who they rea
White people and their \*shuffles deck\* raising their children
Hide yo kids, hide yo wife ...
Liberals idea of getting rid of racism is to make sure their kids feel as guilty as possible about b
The left is evil
>It's hard to see people as equals when you always have power over them, or when your primary experi
The beauty of children is they don’t see color.  My daughter has two adopted African cousins.  She i
Just a distraction.  No need to worry about Warren until we find out who she's working for.
The massive field of "hopefuls" will shred her like R votes in a D-owned district. Wounded Knee Part
Why teach Arabic at all? They’ve come to France, they ought to speak French!
Muslims have to learn some words of Arabic, because the religion requires it.

It's not for public s
France is *lost*.
It's seems to me the better approach would be to make sure all students and their parents learn Fren
We're worried that some of them will get radicalized at a mosque, so we're getting someone that woul
The problem with Arabic countries is only the perverted petroleum potentates want to live in them, a
Allah Akbar Snackbar Boom.  Now, you say it.  Very good kids!  
So they'll hire a bunch of people qualified to teach Arabic, basically turning the public schools IN
My god. That “Royale with Cheese” Pulp Fiction meme is becoming reality.
Remove the mosques, deport them all.
Too late
If you are afraid of their mosques perhaps this immigration concept needs to end.
They are fucked unless the vests revolt  and tear down government for a new one.
Is this real? Omg



I don't have a problem with teaching other languages like Arabic, knowing more languages is better. 
My wife wanted to go to France and I told her I don't want to visit a Muslim country. 
What about Christian Arabs? They speak Arabic too. Millions in this country actually.
At this point, let France burn.
And Jim Carrey aged like a rubber boot in a campfire.  :)
Jim is full blown crackhead.
This is how I slowly came around from accepting that Donald Trump had been elected president, to beg
&#x200B;

Who is the man that would risk his neck  
For his brother man?  
(Trump) Can you dig it?


Fox should be up there with only a 22 maybe 
At the end of the day he got a porn star to pay him $350,000 for the sex.
I love this
It's a compliment, since the mother he is fucking is Melania.
# lmao you think those dumbfucks have guns?
WE THE PEOPLE  stand behind Donald Trump!
To make it complete, you have to turn it into a gif with all the guns turning around.
Your penis in your mom's vagina.  That's what you are saying.  Change my mind. 
His wallet says bad motherfucker
I feel bad for all the chumps pointing guns at him in that picture, Trump looks like he's about to o
And the Army of Eagles swoops down and lands on their heads to cause a distraction while Trump is li
BAMF
He gave up his well earned billionaire lifestyle to drain the damn swamp and fix DC.  And in return 
It should still say "Failing New York Times"
Whitehouse? Can some one fill me in on this one? Is that like previous administration? Thx
needs to be stickied-TRUMP is a BAMF-bad assed motherfucker the guy u want to stand behind in a zomb
NATURAL BORN BAMF-bad assed motherfucker-the guy u want to stand behind in a zombie apocalyspe
He eats kryptonite sandwiches for lunch ! 
History is very biased... Even though were on the right side, if the left keeps a hold of the media 
Would be a shame if someone replaced Samuel L Cuckson with Trump. [Its the one that says bad motherf
I wish I had president trump's ability to piss people off by simply existing. People who I used to l
Venezuela has shown that you can have a whole country starving and protesting, but nothing happens
> ...everythyme I read an article on this, or see it on the news, they say the protests are dwindlin
Do they have a list of demands yet? The protests are certainly interesting, but I’m not certain they
The link mentioned in OP's post:

[\[HERE\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vs0eKEcMd4E)
is there a subreddit for the french protests?
WE STAND WITH YOU, FROGS!
Out, or hanged for treason?

How do you keep another just like him from replacing him if there are n
The global media complex, how can so many people tell so many lies? It's almost as if they live in l
So how does France work? Do they go back to Le Pen, or start over?  If Macron quits who is next in l
Meh, the French people are the ones who voted for Macron, not even that long ago. Im not sure anythi
I would go to France if I could put on a vest with them
I wonder which will be out first... Macron's head, or the rest of his body.
Even if macron is out, the stupidity that elected him will still be there. People will keep electing
Can we fly to France and get a yellow vest? The times have changed seeing the French get tough and t
Turn off the Muslims benefits in FRANCE and you will see something 10x larger. 
This is why I'm certain people don't hate Trump anywhere near the amount that the MSM tells us. No P
My friend just got back from 2 weeks in Paris. He told me he only saw 4 protestors the entire trip.
Meh. We know his predictions go around here. 
Gulliotine macaroni. 
Macron will be out the same time Ginsberg officially is ded.   Not one second sooner.  Watch.  
I'll believe it when I see it. Leftists are like cockroaches....once they are entrenched, it's nearl
I don't think this is really going to do anything. A protest movement that works only on weekends is
Get that globalist, trans nationalist out of your country. Kick him out of office and send him to Af
Liberals and MSM touted Marcron as the saviour of Europe 

WOMP WOMP
Youtube link for the lazy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vs0eKEcMd4E
I've been mocked here on T_D for suggesting several times that *sustained*, *highly visible* protest
Okay, now __**this**__ is epic.
this is just the beginning...

dont fucking PUSH US!! 
I just happened to come across a video of a bunch of yellow vests storming a police line and kicking
I hope so, Macron leaving office would great news  
Do you hear the people sing?
It's world wide. 
Vive la France
What subreddit is this or could you link the video?
The Muslim invasion in Europe is so infuriating to watch as an American. The pendulum is beginning t
Trump curse is real.
Pray for the yellow vests. May they succeed far beyond expectations.
The walls are unironically closing in on Macron lol
People don't want to say it, but a large part of this protest is just that now that it's large enoug
Meh, who cares.  Europe is beyond saving at this point.  Time for them to just lie down and die in t
They met when he was 15 and she was his teacher. His parents tried to separate them and moved him to
I am betting that Macron is not doing much fucking himself but he likes to watch some african migran
She looks like a shaved monkey.
I bet she smells like rotisserie chicken when she goes tanning
Cant cover up those arm wrinkles.
Ewww
Not like anyone will belive me, but I met a guy who insisted he was macron's lover during his bankin
France is pathetic

half those yellow vests are probably communists 
He was 15 when they started dating.... She is a pedo legitimately.
Title would have been 1000x better with "Grand-motherfucker".
Can you tag this as NSFW?
Trump is our BAMF-bad assed mother fucker-the guy u want to stand behind in a zombie apocalypse
Our Motherfucker.
Do my bidding
Love that MF !!
wow
Ok, a ton of posts about this tool. Why?
What did he do to earn all this free publicity this time?
Memeville is getting Carreyed away in producing Carrey memes. 
Is he a trump supporter?
I think all of this sub should print this and mail it to Tlaibs office for a couple weeks. Receiving
Some faggy youtube ad claimed "Trump has committed impeachable offenses."  Can they even name one?  
Jihad is accoroding to them
this is one of the best memes I've ever seen.  Thank you
Or starting a shutdown 
They'll impeach him anyway no matter what.
I got some hate PMs today. It wasn't very interesting tho :[
you'll notice that beginning the impeachment process was NOT one of the things the house did first i
 But wouldn't all the illegal shit he's done be grounds for impeachment?
But colluding with Russia to commit election fraud is. 

If this place truly is the “last bastion of
It's interesting that traditionally the VP's job is rather limited in scope, but with Trump delegati
I thought we were bringing 3 people and they were bringing 9 or 12...  What is this?!
But what about the envelope ?
VP is getting us that Wall
Mike Pence is the sexy version of Anderson Cooper. 
Pence makes 72 year old ladies moist. Get it done Mike! Plug it in. 
With that many people at the table I'm sure they'll get something done. <rolls eyes>
Nice

Go silver Fox

We love you
I love the coasters for water bottles. Seems rather amusing to me. 
Bring back **Trump Ice** for maximum Presidential hydration!
All those people drinking coffee...  How many do you think need to poop?  
Honestly wish we heard more about what Pence spends his days working on. He’s a solid guy and I’ve g
"We're gonna need a bigger table!"
https://imgur.com/a/EGXazHK
[removed]
Silver fox is such a g
Are electronic devices not allowed at the table in  meetings such as these?
i love it
Pence is the best VP I've ever seen. He has been absolutely steadfast in his support for the preside
Looks like he's getting ready to tell the young plump woman on the left to put her phone down and li
Just don’t let those a holes “promise” they will do it later. 
As High-Energy as a Donald Trump meeting? Some say maybe.
Unfortunately the other side of the table is intransigent 
The Silver Fox getting it done!!!
 It trump hates WUHMEN! 
With all the people in that room and the cameras it’s hard to imagine anyone giving anything. Why ca
There are TWO people with a pen in their hand.

Nobody is here to negotiate.

Fire all of them.
This is some Meme shit right here!

Someone fill in all the blank papers!
God bless everyone in this picture! Every Patriot here is working hard to make this great country ev
Is that Tom Fitton’s head front and center?
I remember being so damn nervous when Trump was picking his running mate. Thank God for Mike Pence, 
Are those two women on their phones? Unwrapping candy?
I spy Jarrod on VP's right. 🤔
This is a waste of time. Make the Dems own this for a few weeks. They told Trump he would get the mo
CNN: Trump is golfing today while the world collapses
The vice presidency is a mostly symbolic job 
Meh on pence
Teach him what it is to be a Patriot. 
Damn im so inspired right now i want to get up and actually salute all my fellow Pede's but...im on 
Lol the discussion chain is gold. And I learned a new Oppression Olympics category:

“This  uproar i
Well-behaved women don't get beheaded.
Here's some of what Islam teaches about women:

* Men are in charge of women. Koran 4:34
* Men decid
FGM IS  legal in Michigan?
As the left eats itself, let’s hope their love affair with Islam is an early casualty.
what losers -

please, do not reelect these bozesses (female plural of bozo, I think)
Badly behaved Muslim women don't either after their husbands get through with them
The funny thing is, she's not even championing women's liberty, this woman literally wrote "No one h
If trump replies “facts don’t care about your feelings” I’ll be sure this is an alternate reality.
Nancy still hanging on to the Dimwits talking points. What a fool she is.
Nancy rejects reality. She is inept and soon to hit the downside of her reality. 
Hahahahahahahaha - best reply award. No, not my facts, these are the facts ! But alas, the facts don
That’s terrible. This democrat open border policy has to be stopped
Heart breaking.  Before I fled commiefornia I was in two car accidents.  I was stopped at a red ligh
I'm so sorry for your loss.  
I'm so sorry for your loss...keep good memories in your heart.  This is heartbreaking
I’m sorry for your loss. 
My condolences, 'pede. We're not going to let this continue to happen to other Americans. 
The tragedy is even more compounded knowing this was a preventable death. 
Another death due to Democrats and their policies. How many more Americans must die before we get th
Build the wall
RIP
Wait.... How did the drive the car, if he had no License???!!


Someone I know was killed by an illegal, the illegal then stole her child. 

Why in the hell are we 
The democrats are openly killing America citizens. 
Illegal immigrant gets here.

Life isn't as good as was promised.

Self medicate with alcohol.

Driv
Your brothers life was stolen by policies sanctioned by government. That man who killed your brother
I live in Knoxville and our local news paper never once mentioned that the killer was an illegal imm
RIP. So sorry for your loss. 
So sad and heart breaking. My condolences to you and your family. 
RIP
RIP
TN has had whole areas transformed by illegal central American immigration. 

South Nashville is jok
I wish Americans were allowed to sue the state and federal government anytime they were harmed by an
RIP. A totally preventable tragedy. 
This is what the liberals want.

Keep the fucking government shut down Trump.
Wife's best friend was killed the exact same way about 8 years ago.  An Illegal, drunk and on drugs,
I'm sad to say I can relate from personal experience. While crossing the street in a small Tennessee
Democrats have now even more blood on their hands, as long as they allow this shit to happem, it's a
Rest in peace, Pierce. May God keep his soul.
This is sad.... 
and banned on facebook for sharing.. 
Thank god Bredesen did not win that Senate seat he wants sanctuary cities.
My grandpa got hit my an illegal with no license and no insurance. He was fine but he was just out o
I thought driving without a drivers license and insurance was a major offense. If these people get o
I'm so sorry for your family, this is sickening . WALL. NOW. 
F
I live in Knoxville. I saw it on the news once and never saw any mention of the other driver’s immig
Horrible 
I'm sorry for your lost as well we will do our part in getting this wall built, and these fuckers ou
If you're illegal, GTFO of my country 
"That picture is clearly not a baby,  Yet another lie by the alt-right." - CNN

Imagine if only legal immigrants were allowed to come in..
A life cut short because of the “Feels”
Stop calling them illegal immigrants. An immigrant comes with the approval of the house country. The
CA pede here, same thing g happened to my dad. There was no penalty because the illegals lied and sa
This is just terrible to hear.

My brother in law lives in FL. He was t-boned at 45 mph, pushed his 
Good grief, how horrible.

BUILD THE WALLS.

ENFORCE THE LAWS.
My sincerest thoughts and prayers are with you and your family
So sorry for your loss.
Democrats rather see 100 Americans die in a heartbeat than sending back an illegally

Democrats are 
How many more have to die before democrats realize a porous open border always ends in misery and de
That person should have never been here, your brother should be alive today.
I love how the left keeps pretending that this isn't a problem.

About a decade ago, just down the s
\>Leftists: *"If even one life can be saved by taking guns away from nonviolent law-abiding citizens
But illegals pay sales tax and make tacos!
F

Same happened to my Aunt in AZ. Wall is overdue. 
The saddest part about this for some leftists is that they literally will say good riddance to this 
So sorry for your loss Pede. Prayers to you and your family.
So sorry

Take care of yourself

May your brother rest in peace
RIP Pierce. 🙏🏼 God Bless you and your family. This has got to stop. 
Get caught, get deported, come back later with no consequences. Easy peasy.
My deepest condolences! 

Though,  I must ask: What are they doing with the fecal matter that killed
His name was Pierce!
Americans are under attack

It's a National Emergency!
What a tragedy.  Prayers
Heartwrenching. Prayers for strength during this time. 
Radio silence on all MSM outlets, I wonder why...
Hope zuck doesn’t take it down. 
Oh my God.  This should not be happening.
Damn!
We are with you and your loved ones 100%. Sorry for your loss...
Prayers
Lots of people on your side. Hopefully if we stick together we can make it so this is not an every d
Wow just awful! I'm so angered and saddened by this.
So very sorry for your loss. God bless you and your family, and thank you for sharing your story so 
Wow, so sorry for your loss. So sickening. My condolences to your family brother. 
THEY ASKED HIS CITIZENSHIP?!?!? 

THIS GETS ME SO TRIGGERED. 

INJUSTICE!!!
My deepest condolences on the loss of your baby brother. So tired of innocent Americans being killed
Having grown up around plenty of illegals (South Florida), I bet you $1,000,000 that illegal piece o
Little fuckers are getting more and more balla
  They truly don't give a fuck.  It's a prividige to 
How did an illegal immigrant kill the director of shield?
I am so sorry. May loving memories sustain you at this time and always
I am so sorry for you, your family and Pierce's friends. May God keep and comfort all.
So sorry for your loss :(
This was just a few days ago!!! What in the fuck!! Secure our fucking border right now!!!!!!!
So very sorry for your loss. I’ve never experienced anything more difficult than losing a younger br
Can we at least link to an article or something to avoid fake news accusations?
Link please 
Is there an article on this. I’d love to show the libs on FB what they’re doing to people
So sorry for your loss. Makes my heart ache.

The solutions to this scourge is civil forfeiture of a
Rest in peace, and may the killer rot in hell for all eternity.
##His name was Pierce.
How can we do something instead of just upvoting reddit posts
I posted this on my Facebook page. You are remembered, Pierce. 
You have my vote.  Immigrants are just place holders for socialism 
Dont worry dems will find a way to show it wasnt really the immigrants fault. Fucking liberals.
F
That's super terrible and I'm very sorry for your loss, if you wanna talk about it we got your back.
What did pierce do for a living?
Very saddened by your loss of your brother. God bless your family.
I bet citizens hit people with cars too. /s
Damn dude, I saw about this on the news this morning. I believe they actually had a quote from your 
God bless you, Pierce. May God hold your family in the palm of His hand.  
So sorry for your loss. I know that President Trump had talked about updating the American public we
So very sorry for your loss! What a handsome young man! 😢 many prayers to you and your family!
I'm so sorry. And I'm so sorry the Democrats are fighting for the illegals to do whatever they want 
God Bless your family. I am so sorry!! RIP 🙏
What are the statistics on illegal migrant drunk driving?
A *solution* is needed. 
F
I have lost everything and everybody...and still I wander on.

He then takes a young man with everyt
This wreck happened on the road where my work is located. It is tragic. Nobody is talking about it b
Socialism is the biggest existential threat to the United States
They prey on the fact that most people confuse 'democratic socialism' with 'social democracy'. The l
It's a shit sandwich no matter which bread you use, and then you run out of bread.
Socialism is democratic when people choose their dictator. 
Idk guys... that clown looks pretty fun!
two wolves and a sheep voting on whats for dinner.
When I think of people championing Communism with everyone being provided bare bones what they need 
Umm North Korea is called the “Democratic” People’s Republic of Korea lmao
democratic socialism is stealing land from south African farmers. 
But putting National in front of socialist does some how make you right wing.
[removed]
#DEATH IS A PREFERABLE ALTERNATIVE TO COMMUNISM 
Castro died on Black Friday Nov. 25, 2016. Capitalism's high holiday of consumerism of the calendar 
Hey! Be respectful of my Prime Ministers dad!
Dead commies are the best commies
Trudeau sad
Ha
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Wait but I thought the only good commie is a de....ohhhhhhhhh......
Better dead than red
Lol. Fuck commies.
Spicy!
Castro can't wait to die so he can finally vote in the US elections. 
This meme really needs to be recycled here now and then. The spice is that good. 
I'd love to take a shit on him. I also want to piss on Lenin's corpse. 

Fuck communism. 
The best part about communism is that no other ideology has killed as many communists.
#KEK <------ ¡Este!

#KEK

#KEK

#KEK

#KEK

#KEK

#KEK

#KEK
Damn Trudeau aged. 
*cries in trudeau 
Castro Jr enjoying the fruits of capitalism right now lol 

garbage in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxiAP0Re_-M

garbage out http://archive.vn/XWyWj
Castro died after getting the Pope to come and let him confess his sins. He was a despicable, lying,
Lol. Funny now that we hate each other more
ya, because this country is definitely united right now. it's not like half the country screams "naz
"I did that.  That was me people."

Thanks 0bama.
Informative!
Now I get it!
US citizens should pay attention when crossing a road!

they almost got hit by a bus!
"Thanks Mr. Spider-Man!"

&#x200B;

"Everybody gets one."

&#x200B;

r/raimimemes
He is even wearing a MAGA hat.
Why not just pick up the boy? Have we learned nothing from The Incredibles?
All President Trump needs to do is declare border security a national emergency and voila! The carav
Anons knew.
and FYI the USACE budget has already been passed for the next 9 months, they have been at work durin
They not only build structures, they build dreams.
If you can build a dam... You can build a wall
If you built a wall... you didn't build that.
I thought they said the military sector only has 2 billion to allocate to the wall if he goes this r
citation needed

-army engineer
Mentally challenged and retarded are synonymous with todays liberals. 
Many Dems are anti-American and expect to pick our pockets to pay for their nonsense.  Just no.
Thankfully, the shutdown keeps the funding out of sanctuary city's hands. 4D chess....
# Because they're MARXISTS. See their actions make total sense now.
How about any sanctuary city must big a wall around the perimeter, ICE can guard the doors.
lets moab the sanctuary cities that do not deport their trash
Prisons. Which have walls. That work. 
Sanctuary city? Or self gathered crowd for massive ICE raids?
It says a lot about what Dem leaders think of Dem voters.

A fence works but a wall doesn't. A perso
FENCE.........                                      a barrier, railing, or other upright structure, 
What in the actual fuck did I just listen to? That was the most incoherent rambling I’ve ever heard 
This is so incredible... I mean so incredible that it's real. A fence works but a wall doesn't? Ever
That makes no sense, but fine. Let's put in something that works and call it a fence.
He isn't even a good liar. 
A boat floats but a ship doesn't.
Actually its very fair to Trump and makes Schumer look like a tool and thats a NY channel isn't it?
BUILD. THE. WALL.   

FUCK. THE. DREAMERS.  (they have to go back) 
Lets just call it a barrier and build what the Border Patrol wants, they'd know best. 
Serious question: behind closed doors, if Schumer said to Trump, “Look, I’ll get you the votes to bu
Whoa look at CBS!
Schumer: "We need drones and roads, not walls.  Ask the experts"

(Actual Border Patrol:)  "No, actu
That's probably the way the shutdown ends.   Those steel slats are arguably a fence but functionally
Fuck Schumer.  Truly, his new moniker needs to be this.  Like how that mutt father-in-law, made fun 
He’ll fund a fence. He won’t fund a wall. 

That’s the depth of the stupidity we’re dealing with. 
Fuck it, let's just invest in a billion caltrops and laser cannons 
A wall is a fence with a reinforced foundation.

So I'd like to ask Mr Schumer - "What is it about a
Drones === PORK
I'll take a damn fence if its like. Israel's border fence system
 That thing kicks ass and was prett
Ok, build a fence then.  Make it a really thick well built fence, maybe with multiple layers, have a
[deleted]
This is the appropriate course of action to take. Make memes out of it and flood social media with i
What an ugly asshole
#SinaloaSchumer
He's cracking/ That's excellent
Fuck me is CBS NY based? That reporter is asking some pretty loaded questions there...and i like it.
So at 2:35 

“I’ve been consistent since 2006, no one even talked about a wall in 2006, 2009 & 2013.
If chuckie is right then everyone should immediately replace the walls of their houses with fences, 
This is good - Trumps wall looks like a fence anyway - as it grants visibility.       
CUCK will pay for a fence but he cannot cave for a wall.  LMFAO
Well makes no sense.  Crazy old bastard
Every single time someone claims a wall doesn’t work we need to pin hem down with the facts. They’re
HEY EVERYONE!

WE NEED SOME DRONES!!!
# PENCE FENCE 2K19 PEDES!!!
A wall *works*.  **That's** ***why*** **he doesn't want it!**
If Barack was asking it? Answer : "They would be down there with the brick & the cement right up" Lo
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0)
So why do Pelousy, Clinton, BHO, Mad Maxine et al ALL have walls around their homes???
Out of the two, he’s the one who’s going to crack. Pelosi is too much of a lunatic whose mind is los
Babbling idiot!
Maybe Trump needs to move away from the word: Wall

Wall + drones = Warones
I don’t care what they call it...build it now and in the legislation secure it’s maintenance. 
It's inconceivable that it is even possible this man is taken seriously by the left...or anyone for 
That's cool, we'll start with a fence. Then we'll elect another trump-like candidate and we'll turn 
It's really too bad we can't just have an honest conversation.

If you are doing it just because F t
Is the press drilling him on this? Or does he only talk to liberal media who have never seen this cl
He cracked a long time ago. 
This is what the troops are for, defending American citizens. 
I’m fine with this. Trump explicitly states that the troops are there to protect US citizens and our
~80 in this situation means SOF; Meaning SEALs/SF/FAST teams etc

Take notes H*i*llary
And no blaming some crazy video either
Gotta save that Gorilla channel!!
SOURCE?
How tall is that fucker? 
Thank you for making an effort! 
May God keep them safe from harm. Like unhinged libtards.
I want it bigger.
u/Lax714 I see your BACON 🥓 EMOJI, here take my upvote!
#finish
You Facebook too much
I would laugh so hard if Trump just put the wall up with military funds and then reopened the govern
THEY will never “allow” him to become the Pope.  
Who is this wise man? He is right on point. 
Hits the nail right on the head, doesn’t he? It may take “minority” aka non-white leaders to help us
Imagine Sarah becoming Pope, all the lefties would drool over having a black Pope for about 0.5 seco
Im going full anglican if he does as well

fyi: im an athiest, former anglican
Same here I'll start converting to Catholicism just for him. Based as fuck.
Just as planned.
Master Splinter if he became a priest [instead of a ninja.](https://youtu.be/CNXB0epxxBw?t=44)
Ironically some of the most conservative traditional clergy come from Africa. 

I give you [Cardinal
Quit calling anyone but white people minorities....
Holy shit, he's 'a da freakin' black pope!

Get him into power before it's too late.
Learned a new word today: "natality"  
When I learn something from someone, I tend to respect them a
I wouldn't. The Catholic church is thinly veiled pagan satanism. Do you think it's a coincidence a r
I’ll never understand the fascination with “the pope”, surrounded by a fortress, protected by a smal
Hopefully the fuckwad in the seat now doesn’t last long , talk about virtue signaling 
Can't listen. That is the opposite of ASMR and makes my ears itch.
He just sealed his fate. 

No Pope for you!
I have been thinking of looking for a Catholic Church that signs or has service in latin cause I lov
Gold Pede 👍
[I'm dreaming about your hotdog stand in Hawaii](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/30231)
Or trafficked child....sadly.
"24 Years of trash"
IT PUTS THE PIZZA IN THE TRUNK .
Your caption for this image, is amazing. 
What's the difference between a dying hooker and a lawnmower? The last three presidents don't have a
I see that photo and all I can think is 

"we were had"
I think OP meant to say this was the last thing FREEDOM saw before the trunk was closed....
Bill goes for the hookers! W. prob goes for teen boys and Oblahblah any boys/men who are available! 
😭
Notice how they are all buddy buddy now that Trump got elected. The politicians gave up the pretendi
Male hooker perhaps? At least for 0bama.
Uniparty.
That's terrifying. 
walnut sauce

More like little boys and girls 
What gender is the hooker? 
Thats disgusting. Fake republicans are snakes. They talk a lot, but don't do anything useful. Greedy
Lmao
Call girl. They’re not hookers until they’re dead. 
Female hooker? If so why the hell is Obama there?
reminds me of this:  
https://i.redd.it/63emmfio30f01.jpg  
https://external-preview.redd.it/DWkfAWJ
If that hooker was a 10 year boy. God how does it feel knowing you are surrounded by absolute asshol
[removed]
Wow 🔥
They could never agree on a hooker, too different if tastes
Are you talking about Barry's mom...
Do Fong trUe
So F‘ing trUe.
I need some Covvee 
#BILL
Ugh!!!!!
If by hooker you mean child.
Don't you have to be 18 to be considered a hooker?
Michael, Trevor and Franklin, reunion 25 years later. 
Don't you mean rentboy? 
KEK 
Starting to think GB is not the true American that I thought he was. Both those other guys trashed  
Bill Clinton is a rapist.
REDPILLS!!
Think Jr is in Guantanamo yet?
Baby boomers fucked us big time. 
Pizzagate was the original fake news. LOL

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
[removed]
Fitton, man I hope you’re getting paid for all this hard work you’re doing uncovering bs like this. 
Here is the latest JW Update: https://youtu.be/N5oTpF7nv0Y

And the background on CA: https://www.ju
How is it this guy does more for the people who support him than the elected Representatives that ar
Have a Mexican coworker. Not a citizen. Told me he got four ballots from California and two from WA.
Do you ever get tired of winning Mr Fitton?
L.A. County here.

Thank you Tom, and JW for all your work. Another donation incoming!
Please look into ballot harvesting!  The OCis blue now because of this. 
I love that Fitton’s right bicep is larger than Pelosi’s whole brain.
Fitton is doing the job the DOJ wont do. 
TOMMY GUNS CLEANING OUT THE CALIFORNIA FILTH
Thanks Tom, America appreciates all the hard work you put in protecting our freedoms. 
Trump^2
This is great but it will mean little in the long run because of the demographics.  Mass deportation
1.5 million is 15% of Los Angeles County's population...holy shit. 
wait, there were voters in LA County that *weren't* counted as having voted straight Dem tickets via
You will be in the history books some day, Mr Fitton, as a man who was instrumental in changing  the
I live in LA, thank you! 
I don't know how you juggle so many battles, but you truly are a Patriot and are doing more work tha
Well there goes the popular vote for the democrats lol
You are doing gods work 
California is actually not as left as everyone claims. Its bad, but not that bad. Look at the voter 
1 and a half million
Someone better tell Stacy Abraham to get on her soapbox in CA 
#MASSIVE ARMS, MASSIVE VICTORY! 
Great work brother, keep it up.  And merry Christmas! 🎄🎅🏻
How can we get this voter stuff done in Nj?
Fitton Massive Arms 💪🏼💪🏼
Tom, thanks to you and your team for all you folks do. You guys are amazing.
Awesome update! Thank you Tom.

Can JW get the list of the Congressional leaders that sexual harassm
Fitton and JW bust ass, but what comes of it?  Until some of these progressive atheist reds go to th
Gods work Tom
Just FYI, those buildings are not in the background.

Fitton is standing next to them.
Pretty sure those guns are illegal in California
Thats about 15% time to start thinking about a recall election
Yes Tom.  You are massive.
Tom “if Arnold Schwarzenegger was true American” Fitton everyone. 
The president so nice he named him twice 
NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW!!
When must the voter rolls comply.
You da man Tom! 
We love you JW !!! 
I unironically will buy an expensive bourbon for him.
Me: You said "Trump" twice.

Fitton: I like Trump.
You are the man Tom! 
IMO you should be required to update/verify your voter registration info at least once in-between ma
Holy shit those are some arms
Thank you Tom!!!  Lots of love from Washington the cucked state!
Dude is a man's man.  

You'll never see a ripped alpha like that in the Dems corner.  
It's insane the number of illegal voters.  
Tom Fitton for AG!!!
Can anyone tell me what this means exactly with the voter rolls?
Christmas in January.. woot
Fitton 2040
Tom “barely Fitton these sleeves”, thank you for all you and your team does. 
Thank you Tom, very cool!
The man
Heavy lifting!!!
Great job Tom and the JWteam!
Jus run for president already Tom!
Just wow!!!!
Thank you
Great work man! You are doing fabulous work and please keep us informed about it all the time.
Great work!
Someone needs to tell this dude to ease up on trying to show off his physique. Every pic I see of hi
Hopefully, they are from the list of usual dead Demtard voters. As it's Commiefornia, one can't be s
Why TF would you remove inactive voters?! Just because someone hasn't voted in a while does not mean
[removed]
Seriously, what is with the daily super gay bicep pics.
👌
Quite the stench in there. 
R/politics more like R/leftist circle jerk Pure anti-Trump propaganda disguised as a unbiased politi
r/let me tell you about communism 
Not the narrative.
Because they won’t be the slaves big business needs them to be?
My hats off to this brave man. 
Kudos to this guy!
Black people need to really wake up... 
Alright, guys....who spiked his soy?
Guy looks like he lives in his mom's basement. I refuse to accept soyboys.
To be fair, [African American gun crime isn't news... it's normal.](https://i.imgur.com/CYJxR2y.jpg)
Notice cnn and every liberal news website refuse to show the picture of the murderer, who is black a
but kamala has already tweeted about it and calling for commonsense gun control.  still no word abou
Is this about the Bowling Alley shootout?
Same can be said about crimes committed by us citizens. Lol
Nobody cares. It was a publicity campaign which is why the media latched on to the video at the same
All I thought was nice rack.
I thought the video was fun.
We need to stop talking about her. Let her disappear
I saw it long before this new media cycle about it.

First thought when seeing it was "Not bad...kin
More fake news . Who gives a shit who dances
But of course everyone over at the Donald, or should I say (snickers into double chin) “the DOTARD” 
Hang on, I thought Stormy Daniels was horseface! Now we’ve got 2?! 🤭
I saw this for the first time yesterday on Fox News. I was wondering how I missed that this was a th
I just have to say that aoc is one fucking ugly chick. No person should have teeth that tall especia
Great plan!
That sounds like an AWESOME plan!
The party of slavery and poorly-raised losers.
Sticky
First black Republican senator: 1870

First black Democratic Senator: 1993

https://en.m.wikipedia.o
This is one of the funniest brancos I've seen

Love this one
Reeeeee, muh Switch!!!! 

If a man can switch to a woman, a political party can switch, too.  Check 
Clarence Thomas

Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.

Thomas, 70, was nominated by President Bush
Even Thomas referred to the hearing as a high tech lynching 
#ENEMY
Weapons! Not clothes, not food,not shoes, rally round the family!  Evil Empire 


Edit:  the power p
Did you just assume its gender?
#ITS MA’AM!
To be fair. W invaded Afghanistan 
That's a dude???
Re: Bush and 'Iraq: Many people on the fringes of the left protested Bush's 'Iraq War, but the estab
Wait I thought it was a chick
I thought at one time he/she was a really skinny Michael Moore
Re: Bush and 'Iraq: Many people on the fringes of the left protested Bush's 'Iraq War, but the estab
Can someone ELI5 or td ; lr how OBAMA contributed to ISIS? 
I love the spirit of this meme but I cant share it as its factually incorrect.  dubya invaded Afghan
[removed]
Sowell has to be the most underappreciated conservative thinker of our time.
He started as a Marxist. So glad he didn't stay as one. 

My favorite quote:

The word "racism" is l
Love Sowell. He was disproving the wage gap myth and other things back in the 70's. 
The most irritating thing about the quote is its naivete. The left ALWAYS understood this. That is w
Thomas Sowell is one of the great thinkers of our time. And completely based. 
I hope he keeps going. 
I believe their "logic" is that people's brains are malleable and so if you create social justice, e
"Global Warming! Quick give us power to save you!".   
"Racists! Quick give us power to save you!". 
On a similar note, a government powerful enough to provide everything you want is a government power
Leftists never learn until it is far too late. 
Why the fuck has Crowdstrike been advertising on Patriot so fucking hard lately anyway?  They know s
You forgot that they used fisa to get our so called foreign allies to do the nsa's dirty work for th
And they tried to push the narrative 2 months about Crowdstrike finding evidence of hacking on a GOP
Is ok. Orange Man Bad.
We can handle the truth!
Yeah, but you post in the donald, checkmate!
And they all need to be put in jail!

Hold someone accountable ffs! This shit is getting tiring 
The new AG will need to secure indictments. 
At what point did we turn into a banana republic?
10 years ago, 20, 30?
Finally saw this movie last night. Amazing film, cannot believe it has taken me so long to view it.
I get tired of reading these threads, not because they are wrong, but because NOTHING ever gets done
And no one will go to jail. What a joke. We need term limits and limited government. This is getting
Yep, and nothing is being done about it. 
Crowdstrike is google?
#YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH 
Oh that is spicy. I might have a new fav meme. 
As insidious as all that is, it really does pale in comparison to everything they did prior to being
They are also using classification and redactions to hide what they did, as well as wiping the gov i
True story
That's no big deal. Trump was standing downwind of a Russian one time and caught a wiff of a fart. T
The judges weren’t tricked, they failed to do their due diligence and were rubber stamping corrupt D
That is the Chicago way.  
This is driving me insane.

Absolutely zero democrat people give 2 shits about the biggest political
You're damn right they did 
What is the actual evidence against Crowdstrike? They're just an endpoint AV firm that offers pretty
I was actually rooting for Jack Nicholson in that movie
Well yeah, but Orange Man Bad and must be stopped BAMN.
Crowdstrike may have actually found Russian malware on DNC cyber assets.

Whether it was installed o
Source?
Time to pay for their crimes, Gitmo 
Tell us something we don't know.
If the media were not dem cucks, they'd be all over this.
Nothing will be done about any of it.  :-(
"You are invaded, still, by other cultures, other peoples, which will progressively dominate you by 
He speaks the truth. 
Is 42 too old to be an altar boy? If so, may I apply for an age waiver?
You have no idea how many Catholics around the world will be praying for this man at the next Concla
I certainly will. I decided to go back to the Church in 2013, right before Bergoglio became the pope
Get rid of the Anti-Pope Fraxis and make this Cardinal the new Pontiff!
We need a real Pope fast
#WALLS FOR ME NOT FOR THEE!!

Hypocritical gold-digging criminal.
Sounds like we need and old fashion sit in on the public areas of his beach. 
I am so frickin sick of selfish, retarded liberals.
Typical elitist prick.
Suck it up Kerry, welcome to the real world.
Seize his property!
John Kerry may be the most arrogant fuck and despicable piece of shit in American politics. A flight
Come on John! The elites pushing the migration agenda are supposed to remain immune. Only the middle
Just like his former running mate, John “forget science, use your feelings,”  Edwards, the slip and 
All good- Kerry was done for in 04. Literally worth nothing politically. Let’s focus our energy on t
Jerry Brown, Governor of California, where all the coastline is supposed to be accessible - what do 
John should build a wall, I mean fence, shit I meant barrier, maybe drones..yeah drones will work.
Of course this is irony at its finest. But on the subject - property owners absolutely should be abl
Pussyman
OF COURSE this asshole has an inherited beach house in France. 
Please don't use archive.*.  They don't configure their DNS servers properly, so people using cloudf
"I'M GONNA FUCK EM ALL TO DEATH!"
Did they mean Hep B or C? Hep A is fecal oral transmission. Unless he made her do bass to mouth. 
Hey, in Cali that's legal now
“That dick is Poison.” Bell, Biv, Devoe music.
This guy is a walking biohazard
Hollywood is a walking disease. So many stars have diseases. I forgot which baseball  player gave ma
Dirty man
Jose Lopez? Don't you mean Cathriona White?
I want this bumper sticker!!!
Hell to the Fuckin yeah Bitch
Everything that leftist throw at the Memester in chief turns against them, they haven't landed one s
Yup, way past the time to fight fire with fire -- New Rules, as Dan Bongino says.
Brilliant!
Damn right we will!!
Yep. To the top
😂😂😂
Kek
BAMF-bad assed mother fucker-natural born- the guy u want to stand behind in a zombie apocalyspe
I want this as a bumper sticker 😂
I really hope he wins 2020.  
Honestly I'm tempted to give him a 3rd term as well. He has done everything real America wanted and 
Um what? Trump wears a bulletproof vest daily and he carries.
hey libtards - the only difference between national socialism and communism is the jew-hating part. 
Only the raycis cops should have the guns!
Is it just me? Or when you read one of these do you do it in a Jim Carrey voice
It’s always amazing to me how some people think someone else’s efforts and sweat somehow belongs to 
Black market and under the table pay HERE WE COME
Who is John Galt?
Don’t forget state taxes like NY that lop on 10%+. Fuck yeah, not many people going to be incentiviz
*"You make, I take."* \- Currently Unemployed Not Talented
This will never go through. I’m not rich, far from it. If you are rich, that’s awesome!! You should 
To be fair to her, didn't she say 10% tax on up to $75,000, and 70% tax over $10M?

I'm not saying t
I wonder if she's going to take a 70% paycut?
This is already the case for people who work in Hollywood with fat salaries. 13% State tax (now non-
[removed]
We going on strike fam?
The 70% level is just cover. Do you think there will be a 30%+ jump from the next lower bracket to t
Honestly - it's a different post every day about this person. I don't want to keep seeing this shit.
Alright democrats, you really want this shit? Put your money where your mouth is like voters have be
Big problem that AOC hasn't learned yet, big rich people and corps staff very savvy CPAs for just th
They’re pulling a Trump tactic of throwing out an absurd number to make something like say 55-60% se
No one should have to give their income to the government. 
Is an unpaid waitress trying to tell me she’s going to take my money? Fuck her. 
What I’ve realized is when republicans give tax cuts to the middle class, democrats say they’re tax 
No one should have to give ANY of their income to the government!
Socialism 101.
70%! Fuck that!
Yes my family and I own and run 2 decent size grocery stores. My family worked their ass off to get 
Stop raising taxes and just make sure everyone is paying their current taxes, including sex workers 
At that point it will be time for the next American revolution and the country will be split in half
This is why these extreme socialist candidates don't worry me. Your average amaerican citizen is nev
There should be an amendment. Government spending capped at a low percentage of GDP, like 10%, and n
I'd be okay if Meryl Street and Anderson Cooper voluntarily gave 70%. Also the Clintons. And Jennife
Though, a century ago no one wanted to give 40% either. Socialism creeps up on you
That ain't gonna work with me.  I have 50 acres and will be self sufficient and give the government 
the top 51 percent already pay 97 percent of federal income tax with 1 percent paying a huge chunk o
In the article it states it's only for people earning 10M and over. Let's not be the fake news we ha
Let Pelosi, Cortez, Clinton, Waters, Schumer etc give 70% of their income to govt first.  The rest o
I got lucky as my company stock rose, and I had a few years at the top tax bracket.

When I found ou
This is another example to give when Liberals whine that nobody needs a gun.  A person now in govern
I feel like only really really stupid people try to justify the economics of high taxes. It's pretty
Americans are so stupid that even their socialists don’t understand socialism. Socialism means worke
im ok paying taxes for defense and military. i will not pay taxes for your dellusional climate chang
Not saying I agree with this concept, but just to clear up some misinformation -

The idea is that 7
It’s not 70% income tax, it’s a graduated tax. It’s 70% of the top income bracket. Everyone pays the
"What exactly is your "fair share" of what someone else has worked for?" -Thomas Sowell
Granted her proposal was for anything earned beyond $10M to be taxed at 70% but still, that's too hi
I would close up shop and just stop trying to do business. These people are true idiots.
I wonder how she'd feel if she had only her salary, and 70 percent of her income were taxed?
Of course not.  That's why the government has to force you to work.  And then when you try to take t
Only 30 percent from total communism. Fuck you .
Please stop with the tit for tat with the libs. AOC is an idiot and says plenty of stupid crap witho
No one should have to give 30% of their money to the government, either.
But the perks are AH-mazing!
70% over 10million isnt it? Not 70% overall
I think 5% is too high. 
BUT GUYS WE HAVE TO REDISTRIBUTE THE WEALTH!!!!! its never been tried before
When you are forced to give 70% of your income to the government - they are no longer making you giv
We already give 50% even in the lowest taxed states! If you add all the taxes you pay, income tax, s
[removed]
But... it's only 70% of income after the first 10 million made, not just 70% of income
What is the Laffer Curve... 🤔
But

They have nukes!!11!!
I’d quit ASAP. 
Not that I support this. I’m completely against it. But to be fair, we use an EMT, so not all 100% o
Alexandra cortez sounds like something right out of spy kids
Nope.  People will stop working and start taking.  Why work when it will just be taken and given to 
Did she really say 70% of Someones income should be given to the government? 
What’s the point of working then if someone else will just pay your way through life
and thats Federal taxes..then you add your state taxes..you work for almost zero and the Government 
Why would anyone work to make a bunch of money, give 70% to the feds and probably another 10-20 to t
Exactly this.
#LIBERALS & SOCIALISTS  ARE SO INSANE THEY WANT TO GIVE 70% OF THEIR MONEY TO PRESIDENT TRUMP.
She makes over 170K which makes her the top 1%. Let's garnish 70% of her income which she doesn't ev
Does no one know how marginal tax rates work?
Stupid fucking bitch
I honestly wouldn't. Right now I live comfortably with a middle class income. My expenses can be han
Shrug it off.
Taxation is theft. Pure and simple.
AOC is gonna fail so hard. 
Let her contribute her income at 70 per cent. Now she has a retirement forever. 
WAR
Let her own district pay it. They voted for it. 
C'mon man! You're being very egotistical thinking you deserve more than 30% of your hard earned mone
This is another reason why Socialist countries fail. Intelligent, rich, skilled, and talented people
I already have a heavy disdain for the government, and *this* is what they think up? lol. 
Why not 80%? She is not radical enough.
Nobody will invest your money better than you. When they removed the need to own land from the right
You won't have a choice when you're a minority and the majority votes your money away. 
Does anyone here actually think that is what is being proposed?  Nobody has proposed 70% of anyones 
Hey, if you want to do socialism right you've got to give 70% of you income to the federal governmen
Take this comment to the tippy top. 
Do y’all not know how tax brackets work?
STOP TAKING THE BAIT. LET HER DISAPPEAR
Rich people are smart and they won't stand for their wealth being stripped from them they will simpl
That only works in communist nations like where you came from. I’d be in favor of sending her back.
correction- repeat felons should be forced to pay at least 70% of their taxable income in addition t
We could go socialist I guess.  I would just prefer if we made a call and stuck with it, rather than
No one should have to give ANY of their income to ANYONE ELSE EVER. 

There, FTFY
[removed]
Try making sure everyone pays first. A flat tax is a better start you socialist bitch. 
You think people rioted over gas prices? MAKE the personal income tax 70%. You'll see riots alright.
I agree completely, but nobody should be withholding 100% of a government employees income either. 
Will she give 70% of her income?
Idiots who have a "degree" in economics who have held no real job want to tell someone who started t
The greed of government knows no end. They'll take it all, when they can.
OH don't worry, it's just for the super rich, until there are no more super rich, and then no more r
I actually think we should for the people making 1 billion + per year. 

The fact that corporations 
“Finally! After 30 years! I made ten million dollars”

Cortez gets her deal passed 

“Welp back to t
30% should be the max in my opinion.
She is an idiot!
Why socialism fails 101
laughs in danish :(
She is such a dumb fuck, I love it!  She is now the 'poster' child of the idiot left.  And again, I 
Taxes=Socialism
You’re damn right. She has never worked. Never built a career. Never started a business. America is 
Socialist bottom feeders feeling entitled to what the working class make...
Take 70% of her pay and see what she has to say.
Real life Starnesville
For real. What a stupid bitch.
bitch is delusional
The proper response to AOC is to push hard to lower all taxes and defund their social/socialist agen
According to people who support AOC...apparently the 70% tax is only for people making $3.5 million.
These dumb shits really have no idea what socialism really means.

70% tax rates are a pretty mild f
boo yah!  exactly this
I guess I need to hurry up an make my first billion pdq 
Swedes and other west Europeans should. In fact they should be taxed 100%.

&#x200B;
Thinking about giving away 70% of my income makes me want to puke and to never work again
Doesnt France tax their citizens at like 70%... ??


How's that working for em??
AOC should give 70% of her salary to the government 
Try 82% if you live in her district. 

Funny thing is if you told her constituents that 82% of lotte
Wait a fuckin’ minute.  She really wants to tax people at 70%?!
Link?  That’s grounds for war.  
Edi
I'd just work 6 months out of the year then.

Maybe we should ask the 45% who pay no taxes to step i
I cross posted this to r/libertarians. 

They somehow don’t agree with this.

Amazing. 
The shills are making the top comments about “Marginal Tax Rate”

Edit: the downvotes let you know i
Because the rational explanation is this: 

99% of feminism is simply about solving issues in the li
Its a battle for the spoils not to expand the cake
While women alway sit on the outside seat or put their bag on the outside seat.  See bag spreading. 
I see men on the train spread so much it takes the seats besides them. I laugh because they are so s
They don't say that to you if you're an alpha male
I like this meme. Well done!
Entitled
YUP!  100% true!    Here's a January 2018  article from the ever-Leftward CNBC on it.     


[https:
Trump played the Democrats like a fiddle. He gave them everything they wanted and they still said no
I think that's giving too much, why the fuck should we let criminals stay in our nation in return fo
Archive link so you don't need to give them clicks.

https://archive.fo/YoHMK
9th circuit killed it.
They try and act like the 2018 state of the union address never happened. Next thing you know, they'
Lol nice try idiots. We all know who abandoned the Dreamers and it wasn’t Trump. He made an honest o
I saw some shills on redacted saying this exact thing yesterday.  Looks like it's one of the narrati
We watched the meeting o live tv and wapo is tryna tell us how it went down. 
True... 
Remind me how they killed it?
So everybody agreed to a year ago but they’re holding people hostage now because they don’t want to 
Why was giving citizenship to so many illegals even considered?

&#x200B;
Just say no to Amnesty. Why reward those who broke the law?
Everybody knows that they outright lie. The MSM just doesn't even care anymore. 
Weren’t there two different immigration bills?
I heard the bill that Trump “killed” was because it gave 25 billion for generic border security but 
Was this the same ‘viking warrior’ that had no bruises or cracks in her bones that one would normall
Sometimes the jokes write themselves.
Oh boy. Time for mental gymnastics!
Maybe she identified as a man, who are they to call her a female warrior.
Did HuffPo just assume the gender of a dead person....
Libs: "Genetic females are the best, but other times males who believe they are female are the best.
Only when it's convenient
Gender is a construct but Hilary Clinton must be the first female President.. batshit. Crazy.
Lauren Southern did an excellent video about this

Here you go - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLU
Rekt
Male/Female is Sex.  Gender is what theyre trying to convince everyone can be changed.
Pshhhh. Some great warrior. I like warriors that don't die.
Just tell them the "B" in lgbt confirms that there are only two genders. 
The Norse culture had a long tradition of shield maidens, women that knew how to fight and defend th
What i like about this is that this is something weve known for generations, based on folklore alone
How dare you assume her gender!!
Actually they don't.

Cognitive dissonance.
Maybe it was transfemale DNA.
"BUT MUH GENDER & SEX ARE DIFFERENT!!!" - the "smart" people
Is this the one they found buried with weapons, but concluded it was a warrior female despite the po
female is a sex, not a gender.

basic stuff here

I have no comment
Oh snap
No no no, see you don't get it, you can pick and choose *whatever* is convenient for you at any time
A timeless classic.
Look, I understand women fought in battles but this is ridiculous. 
Left: How dare you? We get to pick and choose depending on our narrative.  You racist!
https://youtu.be/DLUMINLTNLE

TLDR: One of the professors cited in the study says there is no eviden
Pretty sure I know the skeleton they are talking about and real historians with no agenda to push ha
Too dumb to realize they undermine their own position 
How absolutely double dog dare you. Shitlord.
I’ll never not upvote this post. Shit is hilarious. 
Macho ma’am Viking savage
How dare you assume this fossilized individual's gender! How absolutely dare you sir!
Bury me in my camo MAGA hat and pour a Sam Adams Oktoberfest over my grave. 

Thanks in advance. 
A female viking warrior. A. Do they know that A before a word means one. Are they that fucking retar
Trigger warning
Oof
So it was a viking warrior? Nothing else? Not a wife, slave or anything else?.... 
Why do they act like we’re so uncomfortable with female warriors? I’ve served alongside many women I
Those commies are sad. 🤷‍♂️
REEEEEEEEEEE
Am I the only one amazed they passed up an attempt to print "yaaaasss queen slay"?
Oops!
Got em!
Article contradicting constructionist view confirmed.

How many contradictions before it's psycholog
She could have been a comfort woman.

Ladies and gentlemen, we got 'em.
But which of the 53 genders did she identify as?
Distraction: 100
When leftist narratives contradict. 
Woo hoo!

Sick burn!

Beaten with their own stupid stick!
Good response, but Huff post? Ugh. The cringe.
What do the remains identify as?
See? Women are brutal, violent warriors to be feared just like men! Yay for equality and diversity!
\[LAUGHS IN KEKISTANI\]
Something to point out: you celebrate rare things... So to make a number of this regardless if it is
DID THEY JUST ASSUME THEIR GENDER???
I like soldiers who don't get killed
It's so easy to catch post-truth people in contradictions! It's almost not fair
😲😬😁👍🏼👌🏼🥓🇺🇸
Huffpost shooting themselves in the foot. LMFAO LOVE IT 
Amazing how often this applies... Leftists have never been known for their intelligence.
Sticky this shit!

Spez: repost in the am OP
Jim Carrey gets it. 100% on the Trump Train! 
If I had Soros level funds, I swear I’d hire the best investigators to dig up every piece of dirt on
James Woods is the hero we need.
The MSM talked nonstop about the "shithole" comment by Trump, every single journalist and news ancho
WaPo has been clutching pearls every time Trump opens his mouth and now all of a sudden they seem to
Reminds me of the time CNN had a segment called ["N Word vs 'Cracker': Which is worse?"](https://i.i
'Member when everybody lost their shit when Trump said "son of a bitch"? Motherfucker is fine though
Common sense James.
Not only does she lack class, she broke her own religions laws. Proof that her religion isn’t a reli
Because having sex with your mother is still a crime in western society and using that term is sland
James Woods is established in Hollyweird and doesn't give a fuck. He is the hero we all were looking
Better to be a motherfucker than a kid fucker like Muhammad.
If you're comparing the badness of words and you wont even say one of them, that one is the worse wo
fucking mic drop
"If we are arguing over which word is the worse word, and you wont even say one of the words, thats 
Another stable genius.
Fake news says politics has gotten too divisive 

Fake news asks what's wrong with calling the Presi
more than motherfucker, she's part Duex of the Al Green Impeachment fan club we heard last year. I'l
Reminds me of the time CNN had a segment where they argued which racial word was worse, "Cracker or 
The hypocrisy of the alt- leftist media continues to astound me. Even if you’re a democrat how can y
WaPo is a shithole.
I used to make fun of The Onion...till Wapo and Huff Post came along.

Now I'm just sad people use t
Another James Woods One Shot, One Kill from 2000 keks with iron sights.
Please Mr. Woods, stop..... you are attacking retards. It's not a fair fight.
“This word isn’t bad, yet we won’t say it”
Fucking cunts
They would have lost their minds if someone in office said this about Obama.
Look at the downvotes, someone is triggered.

Didn't she say it to her kid?  Mommy, I thought only b
If Trump called someone that word every paper in the country would be printing articles about how ho
Making such an insult against one's mother is a killing offense in many cultures. 


Grab em by the pussy, amiright?
If you’re comparing if a word is bad or not, and you won’t even say the word, then it’s an inappropr
Obviously, nothing is beyond the pale when it comes to denigrating Trump, so far as the Compost is c
So true Mr. Woods! 
I believe the correct nomenclature is pwnt.
This guy is incredible. 
Journalism is dead. 
*Trump calls hypothetical trade gougers motherfuckers* **liberals unhinge**  

*Democrat senator cal
During the election they accused trump of using the f word in a rally and even used it in ads agains
Lol
God, if trump used the word motherfucker, r/politics would be in full meltdown mode. HEES EMMMBARAHA
Trump said “Pussy”. He’s literally Hitler. 

Psycho muslim says Trump fucks his mother. What’s wrong
Hang on is this about normalizing vulgar speech or normalizing fucking your mother? 
Print mother fucker in full, mother fucker!
There is also a huge difference that the Dems and media (same thing) intentionally ignore as they co
>What's wrong with this word we can't even fully spell out for fear of negative reactions to the wor
r/murderedbywords
Fucking love James Based Woods.
Imagine the outrage if Trump called Pelosi or Schumer that in public.
Said it before and I'll say it again, leftists have never been known for intelligence.  It is comica
Exactly. If you have to ask in a national newspaper what's wrong with the word, then you are a brain
Washington Post is Fake News!
Reminds me of a post where CNN was debating if the “N word” or “cracker” was worse. The fact you hav
Democrats in 2016 - it's not okay for trump to say "grab her by the pussy"

Democrats 3 years later 
All that's needed to reconcile is what would happen if Trump or any other Republicans used the same 
So incest is next on the agenda??
Woods is an intellectual monster who gives 0 fucks at this point in his life, he calls everything ex
Just like how "fake news" is as bad as saying the N word.
Oh snap. Shhhhhhhhhut the front door.
Gotta double down on my last comment. If a Republican had said "We gonna impeach that Fatherfucker O
You remember when trump said son of a bitch? Yea they ripped him apart for it. But this is ok.
Let’s break it down.  Mother - fornication under consent of the king - er.   Sounds ridiculous.  
They don’t care. They are cia funded dis info operatives propagandists. How much does bezos get from
if it wasn't for a mother fucker, none of us would be here.
Is washington post trying to normalize incest now? The left's attack on the family never ceases to a
Having sex with your own mom is wrong

Having sex with your friends mom is wrong

Having sex with a 
Let's have President Trump call Schumer a motherfucker, then the WaPo will be glad to tell us their 
Right in the motherfucking throat. 
CNN: Civility Returns as Democrats Take Over House of Representatives 
[deleted]
Thats a great one
The hypocrazy\* is so thick I like to eat it up like a pudding. 
What she said in a "private" setting in front of her child is the least of the concerns with Rashida
Are they really questioning whether or not fucking your own mother is a bad thing?
Owned by themselves really.
I think they have to have the same opinion about calling Hillary or Warren a "Fatherfucker", but who
Why is this important at all to discuss? I don't get "journalism" these days...
Sometimes it’s too easy.
WaPo went full circle folks. 

Opinion: They hire retards.
Lol r/MurderedByWords
Bro. The Washington Post is even censoring themselves. Their employees are screwed
Personally I’d like to see more profanity in politics. People tend to be more honest when they curse
hahahahah
Very basic and solid logic
Ooo peice of candy 
Damn I had no idea Woods was this based.   Time to revisit John Carpenter's Vampires. 
Brilliant. Thanks for that.
Fake news. Everyone knows Jeff Bezos owns WaPo. /s
Rekt
What are you tarts even trying to prove here.


You all are so soft you hide your down vote button. Snowflakes
I never heard study results described as "contends".  They can't even make it past a headline withou
the way they think blacks cant afford ID's  or find the DMV is pretty racist too
VoTe For deMoCraTs aNd We wILL GIvE yOu FreE CanDY
So exactly what they do with admissions standards at colleges?
Even Barack Obama did this. I mean he's half white liberal. I think the other half is black socialis
They use words like “axe” and “kweshun”.
The left is always been "Patronizing" or would that be "Matronizing"?
Is this real? I wouldn’t be that surprised.
According to White Liberals black people are to dumb to find their way to the MVA to get an ID. http
Soft bigotry of low expectations. 
That title is an Oxymoron. 
"Racist Left" flair
Liberals are the smartest creatures in the forest, didn’t you here.
They think they are much more intelligent than they are.
This is common knowledge
The irony is that this headline is clearly directed towards said white liberals, as per its use of "
Dumb themselves down? They can be dumber? My god.
[deleted]
Hell, most people these days carry NSA spying devices in their pocket/purse everywhere they go. 

I 
Seriously though, get those effing spy bots out of all your houses people.
Alexa .. Open the pod bay doors. Alexa .. Open the pod bay doors. Alexa .. Open the motherfucking po
the D&D joke about a mimic
Big brother is already here. We’re screwed!
This joke never gets old, when I tell my wife the jokeI still laugh, my wife laughs, then we both ai
go, Elvis!
Kek
Damn right you shot the Echo. You never don’t shoot the laughing Echo.
This joke would actually be better without the last line
Thank you for this picture. 
Stunning..and the BEST FLOTUS ever!!
so much better than  michael 
Most beautiful 1st lady ever. 
But her shoes OMG!!
Dragon energy
So pretty, so FLOTUS!
Stunning 😍
Yeah but can she dunk a basketball like Michael Obama?
Finally after so long a First Lady that is easy to look at and not ignorant  like our last one.🤩💖🇺🇸
Sigh.. That smile, gets me everytime.

Fabulous Lady Of The United States.
A gift 
That's the Don's wife, not George's. 
Just look at the lil guy!
One of my favorite memes of 2016
A masculine child!
Careful! That’s a future President right there!
That is one ugly baby. Based though.
Lol not the momma!!
They believe in a world where you can invest $1 million in a broad market index fund and it turns in
It would be worth 100 million!*


\* -- if he had a time machine and knew exactly what to invest in 
lol CommieLoser, please tell me it is xirs actual username.
Lets oretend it was 100 million. They act like they can grow that money. I doubt they can wipe their
usinflationcalculator.com is where they show midget donkee bukkake porn right? Asking for myself.
Hollywood hypocrites and celebrated sports icons go bankrupt left and right, because they don’t know
The loan means squat anyway, compared to the 1990s

https://archive.vn/sylQJ

New York Times, OCT. 2
And, they immediately called The Donald "A racist!". 
I was gonna say... What a commie loser.
C'mon, now.  We all know you can't win them over with facts.  They have *"feelings"* on their side.
You are a winner.

You're a big winner

(note, not whiner, which is what this person probably meant.
CommieLoser. Yeah, that's r/beetlejuicing for sure.
Also comparatively to his net worth, it's the equivalent of your parents giving you $100 and then yo
Sticking their head in the sand is a common debate tactic that I've noticed among the left. 
This is every liberal argument... I’m not looking at your links/facts. I was debating with a lib and
I reject your facts!
"just wait until his taxes come out". These people are so fucking pathetic, lol. Omg.. Hilarity 
So there's garbage being shoved in my gutter and it's clogging. Don't worry about stopping the peopl
I love this guy.  His smile alone pisses off liberals in a way that makes me happy.    
I was afraid that Bolsonaro might one day become a fascist dictator. However, today I officially adm
Watch crime fall drastically. And then he will be hit with scandal after scandal after Scandal tryin
Spoken by a man who still has common sense.  


The left: "this fascist is trying to arm the citizen
This motherfucker is **SO BASED** that he's making moving to Brazil sound like a reasonable alternat
Crime in Brazil is brazen and violent. 

The “off duty Brazilian cop” videos are so common it became
Trade deal anyone?
Okay, this makes me wonder, quite sincerely:

&#x200B;

How many times in history has a government g
Brock minions on Reddit are claiming Bolsonaro is promoting murder not self defense. They are strugg
If you're an American, and America fell to the authoritarian wave which seems to be sweeping much of
SEY ELLO TO MI  LEETTLE FRIENG!!!!!!!!
These criminals in Brazil won’t know what’s coming. An armed populace in Brazil will really turn the
Common sense really. Fair play to him for actually seeking to make things better for his people. Als
The voice of reason. Brazil’s cities have a lot of poverty and resulting crime.  Nice to see someone
He makes a good point.
Fucking base, dude!
This guy gets it. 
And just like that crime started going down in Brazil
This guy is freaking awesome, Brazil is so lucky to have him, we need more like him and Trump for su
When looked at from this perspective, Democrats should change their tune. But they won’t.
I'm a big fan already.
Want proof that a leader isn't a fascist? They want to give YOU the people guns. Simple.
Absolute MadLad.
I wish he could run in the states in 2024
I picked this dude for my death pool. Fucking absolute money in the bank. 
This will provide a ton of data proving guns reduce crime
But I was told that he was a fascist.  Fascists disarm civilians, and he wants to arm them. 
"Other countries have walls, time to level the playing field."
MBGA only helps us MAGA!

&#x200B;

If everyone made the lives of their country better, we all would
I can't wait to read tomorrow about how a populace with the means to defend itself is catastrophic f
The only hoodlums the Second Amendment was written to deter are the ones in government trying to wea
Brazilian leftards worst nightmare made real. Soon Brasil must have a flood warning from all those l
I like how the globalists claim each case of right wing populism in the Judeo-Christian world is an 
That will fix the crime problem real quick

also let them organize neighborhood watches.
Newsflash: Brazills crime drops to 0.
This is good for Brazil. USA needs to follow suit.
Such a shame Brazil is so based, while our own country is so cucked. 
Is Brazil getting their right to arms back or is he just endorsing it? 

If they previously didn’t h
I think Trump may have some competition. 
I can’t wait to see the crime stats plummet. Always love more ammo for my pro gun debates. 
A blue Bic pen?  The fuckin' absolute Mad Man!
Bics Out for Bolsonaro!
Boo ya
That headline is hawt. 
if only our Rino's supported the 2nd as much as this guy.
And when citizens can use guns to defend themselves Brazil will no longer be the murder capitol of t
Yay for common sense. 
This dude better have better security than the mexican mayor did :( 
Temporary update to Mohs scale of hardness:

10) Brazilian's nipples.

~~10) Diamond~~

9) Diamond


Watch crime in Brazil will plummet and the liberals will have a meltdown. There is nothing liberals 
Cool idea! He could learn a thing or two from Dr. Geotus about his pen game tho
Look how small his face is. His body had to make more room for his big juicy alpha brain
I see that he wants to do this.  But what is the process in Brazil to make it actually happen?  Does
I love Brazil now!
This is the only reason Bonnie and Clyde were stopped, along with most gangsters.
Keyword: LAW ABIDING, which is what most democrats want you dumbasses
Wow..... hell yeah!
T R O P I C A L   T R U M P
Make Brazil Great
Latino Trump is the man.
Dope.
Right on point!
God bless this man.
It's okay to be green.
What's with the Carey shit lately?  The guy hates trump so bad it makes his peepee hurt. 

Fuck that
Brilliant. 
Why would you slander Pepe's good name with this troll?
OK is Green Supremacist! REEEEE!
Remember- WikiLeaks shows that Maggie haberman is a literal news pimp.
#ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!!!
##He assumed Jill’s gender REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
#Failing NYT! 
#MS.?!?! ARE YOU ASSUMING XIR GENDER?!? MX!
#Enemas of the people
Expand libel laws and arrest the editors of the NYT for deliberately spreading misinformation 
I fucking hate the enemy of the people
#Get Carlos Slim The Hell Out Of American Press Institutions! 
The New York slimes


Never thought we’d have a president that makes liberals defend corporate media
She also said NYTimes sent an apology to Saudi Arabia after an article was published that made them 
I'm going to bet a nickel that Ms. Abramson ends up publicly admitting to supporting GEOTUS
Enemy of the people
The person in question corrected Trump-

"Anyone who reads my book, Merchants of Truth, will find I 
It is amazing to me how more Americans don't understand this; I suppose being blinded by ideology is
He can keep this up forever! 
I make a habit of sending  our President a snail mail thank you card for all he does and will send o
They were always a FAKE News organization, pushing leftist politics as "opinion" pieces. Straight ga
The opposition party line is a wink to Steve Bannon
Lots of reporters and editors coming out. Saw that editor from NBC call it propaganda. MAGA
any journalist left with any self respect should have been calling this stuff out years ago. now it'
yet trump and his ppl continue to speak to the times every day. trump always talks to that evil lady
This isn't working but for the left themselves who read it and BELIEVE it. 

No one else does either
Yes, it’s unfortunate that we don’t have real journalists these days. They are Elitist controlled & 
Let's try to be balanced when looking at the NYT fake news. They aren't as bad as the Wapo.
Obstruction Party
What's wrong with calling the press the enemy of the people when they in fact have been shown to lie
Exactamundo
NYTimes is the home of anti-white racist Sarah Jeong, who sits on their editorial board.  They are t
There should be laws that require news companies to have 50% positive articles and 50% negative arti
Remember how the NYTimes hired an openly racist editor and then defended her?  I remember.
>Enemy of The People

Cue the phony hyperventilating and fake terror pearl-clutching from the left
NY Times is OBSOLETE.
There you have it. Way to go Michigan. This is the result of a below the radar, 10 year plan by libe
They have been there a long time, now they just aren’t hiding it 
Unfortunately its just the beginning of the next century of tribal warfare that will destroy the usa
There u go.  🤔
They'll always say the blood is on our hands. "Those kids in cages!"
Millions in spirit. 
So sad. So unnecessary. So preventable. Build the Wall. 
We invaded countries and spent trillions when terrorists killed 3000 Americans on 9/11.  Illegals ki
One increases their voters and the other decreases their voters. 
KUE drop today said foreign aid is not audited and given as kickbacks to US elected officials. FIGUR
very simple............they are used to spending other people's money.....(easily figured}
Democrats are anti-American, nothing more to it
Their response would be "because not letting armies of unwashed masses in unconditionally is wasis"
Staunch Texas conservative vs Canadian Hollywood leftie looney. No surprise there. 
I cat stand him either
Watched "jim& andy" guys a weirdo.  When Danny devito is creeped out by u, u got problems.
I love those Fugitive movies.
Islam is a death cult....
Good sticker.
He is a BAMF-bad assed motherfucker-the guy u want to stand behgind in a zombie apocalypse
I know everyone's stealing looney liberal words, like Hillary's "deplorables" and now this MF. But t
CREDIT: https://twitter.com/ericbolling/status/1081924168453627904
Remember in 2020.
The democrats have many legislative failures coming their way 
Get ready for all kinds of stupid shit to get sent through, only to be squashed in the Senate or vet
This is the 3rd day the Democrats have been in office, and this is are least the second unconstituti
Won’t pass Senate. And, actually, these moronic bills help us win 2020.
Thank God we have the SCOTUS 
 Pandering to the lunatic base as always. 
Won't work for individuals without full gun registration. 
First step into confiscation. Now when they come for your guns you can't say you sold them off and i
Boat's sinking everywhere .!!👀😂
Yet the GOP messaging on this has been awful. Where are the national ads showing these clips and det
How exactly can we get this to the top of r/edacted?
Non Reddit link?
This needs to be looped in a commercial, RNC GOP get off your dicks and do waht the President and we
Thing I can respect of Hillary over Obama is that she’s a hustling criminal who got where she was on
This is just proof that communists should never be trusted and that they will say anything to get po
All said before they realized that illegals are now the only people who will vote for them since the
Ole Dicky-boy Durbin with his I just sucked off Obama smirk. They are all snakes, everyone of them.
I houp they do topple the president
Lmao we Asians did the math long time ago! We are 3 steps ahead already. The ones who don’t protest 
well it's a catch 22 u see. the advantage of illegals is cheap labor, so even a broke-ass person lik
A pledge a day keeps the commies away.
You forgot the Texas Pledge.  Yes, it's a thing.

Honor the Texas Flag. I pledge allegiance to thee,
One nation under God!
Amen. 👍🏻💪🏻
Well that minus the under god part. 
I want to hear the new muslim members of congress publicly recite this, if they won't then they must

I don’t agree 100% with this (I don’t believe in God) but it’s nice to see you are patriotic and th
What is he hiding? Why so much hate?
They need an acid attack version.
Jihab lol da fuq
Actually spelled "Hijab" I think.
I want one
Why is Ken 4x more expensive?
Don't forget mutilated cooch
Her head comes off easily too right? Maybe they don’t behead their own. 
*Clitoris sold separately.*
Technically true, had my second child  yesterday 
Do comments count?! They count... 

#PATRIOTS EVERYWHERE!
I have created an army.
My patriot was born ok November 15 2018 and she is gorgeous! Proud dada.
I post here because redditors of /r/todayilearned get soo upset when they search my message history 
[Hell ya fellow Patriot](https://i.imgur.com/X8SEwAA.jpg)
so it seems i am told that my genetically enhanced soldier making factory is powered by shitposts, f
This is without a doubt , the best meme ever ... such imaginativeness and creativity. MAGA bitches 
Wrong. Every time a post is *upvoted* a patriot is born!
ah, from the holiday classic starring jimmy stewart , “It’s a MAGAfull Life”
Got a 7 month old that was born on Memorial Day this year...feels good to have a Patriot Jr. born on
If you Downvote this - talking to you sharia blue shills - you have hate, spite, anger and vitriol i
whoever shitposted on 01/01/2019 at 9:14 pm you have my thanks!
Congratulations!  More Pedes!
Born or conceived?

#Brown chicken brown cow
POST! POST! POST! POST!
Well then! Keep posting!
2 more months! Just two! I'll be bringing a little pede into this crazy world. 
when its let through
https://i.gifer.com/XwAD.gif
I can only handle so many pedes!
Wow what excellent photo quality. Great job to whomever took this photo.
To all those having children or who had them congrats.  To all those who haven't, do your biological
As an Englishman I approve of this post.

Never Surrender to Tyranny you glorious bastards. 
If the dems ever get control again, they will ban civilian ownership of 5.56/.223 as a war round.  M
Give them everything you've got but the guns and casings.
Reeeee
Molon Labe, cucks.
If you haven't already, it's time to get to know your neighbors boys and girls. 
Damn right we did. 
OH SNAP! Didn't see that comin'! (Cuz I never paid attention in history class.)
[removed]
Is that Adam Kokesh?
Really makes you wonder, what are leftists going to demand next?
And let them Frogs shoot a whole lot more! Bullet- and costsaving!
I like a post that goes straight to the point.
Then you shot each other 
Do they think they can downvote Pres Trump out of office?? 😂😂😂😂😂😂
On my command, unleash hell. 
The uptick in down votes on the sub seems to correspond to the shut down doesn't it?

I  wonder how 
Cry havoc and let slip the frogs of war!
>From whence shall we expect the approach of danger? Shall some trans-Atlantic military giant step t
#WELCOME TO THE MEMEFIELDS MOTHERFUCKER
We will meme in the shade. 
Saving this one
when the trees start talking memes
**OoooRaahhhh!!**
i laff'd
Use this to combat them:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/power-to-the-people/moafoafmeddoa
Don’t tread on memes!!! 
very clever and I do love you for it
You’re gonna drive him to suicide, lol
You need Methadone, motherfucker.
He was funny when he only acted. Thanks jimmy. Don’t give a damn how you vote, didn’t ask... don’t t
OK so what did Carrey actually do or say? I just woke up.
Breaking News: Trump annexes Scotland. 
Would that be a hoot?  
Imagine some pede or other researchers finding out that our President is, in
The position is open now that Idi Amin is dead.
This would be hilarious. 

Britcucks would blow their brains out
I remember when Barock Obama was discovered to be Irish. So this could totally be true.
Its so true.  I've been saying we should only allow business men and women in office.  Lawyers and c
They also hate him because he revealed to many millions of people who were formerly unaware that une
Absolutely. I hate them all, especially the RINOS.
He works harder and has achieved more in 2 years than anyone, the Can't beat him on his record. The 
A man who has zero experience at governing is getting more done than people who have "dedicated" the
He needs to hold this up at the State of the Union
If nothing else, it has at least made everyone aware that career politicians, the effective politica
He is more than a businessman. He is an author(by dictation), a reality star, a stand-up comic (see 
They try to pretend ordinary citizens can’t run because they don’t have experience or don’t understa
POLITICIANS: "What we do is very complicated, and you're too dumb to understand."
TRUMP: Challenge a
It is an undisputed true fact that there is not one single politician on the planet who would not tr
This is exactly correct and why every average man and woman should love him. I don't know how so man
It’s because he made his money outside of politics.  Dirty politicians make their money as a politic
You mean sleazy lawyers. Most politicians are just sleazy scummy lawyers. 
Exactly 
GEOTUS has shown them all up as the empty suits they truly are.
Bingo. Doesn't he make you want to ask all the other presidents in your lifetime what the hell they 
 No, they hate him because he represents a movement that rejects neoliberal capitalism 
It's better than that. He's show the media has no clothes. 
This is the heart of why he is despised by both parties. He knows then to well and they are exposed.
He's undoing the global control structure that has strangled our nation to near-death over the past 
Don't forget that he surpassed them all for the high office that they all have been vying for their 
Lawyers should be barred from becoming politicians and judges. It should be exclusively engineers. L
Lie
I've always said,  the only reason these politicians have for hating Trump is because THEY ARE MAKIN
That's what I said when I found out he was running.  A successful businessman to manage the biggest 
That’s why I originally voted for him because he wasn’t a politician, he’s a businessman. And he doe
That’s what I see meetings G20 too. He’s exposing the fact that a lot of these politicians’ power co
They print money while you are I work for it. They OWN us! No wonder their worst enemy is a made who
*How useless lawyers are
Touché 
Yep

He is like a germ to them
Has anyone ever asked a left leaner honestly why they hate Trump and gotten a good response?  Becaus
This needs to be reposted a few times a day. 
Let’s hope this opens the doors for scientists and expert professionals to be elected!! 
So True. 
The mainstream media is working hard to get those politician’s message out, and a lot of doe-eyed li
This Schumer Shutdown is making a great case for libertarianism. 
national emergency Mr trump
this is it.
This is hard core; I'm so fucking sick and tired of this bullshit.  Secure our country now and kick 
Do you have a source/link for this photo? 
 Fuck illegal immigrants.  It's not hard to come here the legal way and respect our laws.  If you ca
Maybe one day hell grow into a great man, and honor the memory of his father who gave a great sacrif
That poor kid wont grow up with a father...he doesn't realize the struggle ahead.
My heart is breaking for this family. Little man will never know his father. True American hero. Law
God rest his soul
Such a sad day. I'm cutting onions again. This one really got to me. There are no words. 
But they have dreams and just want a better life for free!!
OMG, his son.  I can't help but wonder if his son will follow in his fathers footsteps.

Dang, these
He’s going to grow into that vest and take the same oath and take over where dad left off!    
Just fucking brutal. Kamela Harris you're a pos
God bless his family.  May God hold them in the palm of His hand.
Idea. Anyone, specifically cops, feel free to repsond. Make it legal for one car to park 100 ft back
Someone send this over to Pelosi's Twitter.
California sacrificed that officer, they should be sued until that sweet kid owns the state!
Many on the left, mostly the younger socialist leftists hate police. They have no respect for the jo
Liberals separate children from their families. **Permanently.** 
https://youtu.be/MLrV1-s1jkw

46:57 is where his coworkers talk about him. It’s heart wrenching.  
‘For which it stands’.
We need more teenagers who honor our Beautiful Flag.
Gen Z! Fuck yea!
Doing my state proud!
Someone should issue that patriot a brick!
One time a crackhead at my old job tried to take our flag off of the pole (it was flying high) becau
#FUCKING WHITE MALE
[Article](https://news.unclesamsmisguidedchildren.com/ohio-teen-holds-american-flag-off-ground-until
I hate seeing the janitor at my kids school bunch it under her arm when she takes it down.
why does he smell like onions?
The proper thing would be to have the ceremonial burning as our flag is never to touch the deck. But
Why cant the person who took the picture raise the flag? 
This story needs to be on the 10pm new and 6am news for a week. 
OH!
Just at OutRIn 3 weeks ago
Good man
Gen Z is MAGA!
True flag respect 
Why did it fall in the first place?
Amen❤️🙏🇺🇸✝️
Flag Flying Tip:  The heading of the flag should not be made into an integral part of the halyard.  
[removed]
Get this man a coat
Hell NO
Big if true
They like the Pedo action
Who do you think the children are going to?
How can you convince ppl who can't understand what is evil as evil? 
No, 
They don't care. 
In that picture of the wall/fence, what if there was 8-15 foot spikes on top of the solid piece. Wou
Democrats don’t care about children. That’s why they don’t have any.
Nope, they don't care. This ignorant Liberals are the scourge of America.
no.  they dont care.  not even a little.
They don'y care about children AT ALL.  They only speak about children to get votes.  Other than tha
They’re complicit and some guilty. They ignore everything but their illegal, murderous voters!!!!!
Simple answer?  No, they don’t. 
Ummm was this a rhetoric question? They rather not you know about that problem. 
They don’t solve problems. They invent problems, move money around, then claim to have solved the fa
This is how they fund their operations
2014 they were talking about it.


Early 2000s, they were claiming Republicans wanted illegal immigr
because they approve of voters being trafficked into america
Who do you think benefits from it? What religion allows grown men to marry children? What party supp
Who do you think is doing the trafficking and kidfucking?
If they are brown, no. 
They are the one doing the killing and the raping they don’t care .
An addict doesn't call the cops on his dealer
No. They only care about winning elections and they need illegal aliens to win elections
But, but, but, diversity is our strength; give me a break.  Dems = evil
This shit would never pass the Senate, and likely not even the House. These Democrats are deluded.
This is a dumb bill, but there’s no reason to call these people foreigners and degenerates. You have
Bye bye America. If Americans don't wake the fuck up you will lose your country forever.
Imagine if Israel took in and gave political power to immigrants from Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakis
It’s frustrating me how hard the left is circle jerking over

1) how diverse the new Congress is

2)
I o l he's 100% correct. Any White who votes Democrat is a moron and a traitor.
Congratulations Dems, you’ve once again segregated America
[removed]
Car locks don't work because people in your neighborhood can buy hammers. And crow bars. I haven't s
Lol they act like you can just pluck ladders in the desert
He demonstrated that a wall isn't perfect not that it is pointless.
So it's a barrier that tests for problem solving skills.
Its like people dont remember the middle ages where every city/ kingdom had a wall
Use that ladder and rope to climb a prison wall and see what that gets you, dipshit. 
I'd love to see her climb over our border wall, I'll chip in for the razor wire on top.
ar they going to carry the ladders to the border?
So racists 
Do these people realize how tall 30 feet is? Most people won't attempt it.  About 2/3rds of the way 
A friend of mine lived on the north side of the LA River, next door to Compton. His yard had razor w
Why is he assimilating Mexicans with window washers. Is this a racist dog whistle? REEEEEEEEEE
Then why are the dimocrats so against it? Give the President the wall to prove your point! 
Imagine being this fucking stupid 
Good luck getting a ladder to be sturdy on round steel slats. Also when you’re at the top how are yo
This same person wants intangible barriers to purchasing guns legally.
go to google maps right now and look at the wall between san diego and tijuana and tell me a window 
NO muslim can be a good muslim AND a good American.  It's IMPOSSIBLE. The values and laws of the Kor
They will always be Islam-First, America-Never.
Look at Omar (on the left) since she got to Congress!! She is practically unrecognizable from her ca
They are not American. They only got elected because they are being coerced into the arena. They hav
Ugly ass Muslim invaders. 
Once a cockroach always a cockroach. 
IED-Americans
Ugly on the inside. Ugly on the outside. 
Pigface has such a fat nose.


You do not get to decide who is a real American. 
ugly and dumb to boot
Special needs representatives. Guaranteed inbred AF. 
Cunts
Islamisfuckingcancerforever
Why isn’t the other one covering her head? Where is the damn MCP?
Good, lets not forget to cut some of these useless federal leeches.
# No problemo~

# Let's get that wall up, pedes!
Our wonderful President has already balanced the budget... everyone else is just now finding out, lo
No ebt and no immigrants-THAT is why they come here. Immigrants currently here would LEAVE-californi
They want to be Jesus. They want to be the ones who “save” the world. But they want someone else to 
That looks a bit psychotic you don't polish a flag and stare empty eyed into the distance. I get wha
That’s actually an amazing set of paintings If they weren’t together
CNN: “According to Democrats, Trump is leaving the White House”
Left is attacking our President saying  this a vacation. Ummm he didn’t go to mar a lago and Obama w
Be safe sir! We’ve got your back!!!! BUILD THAT WALL!  
That’s funny. I knew about this at 15:20 this afternoon. 
Oh no 🙈. He lied to Congress. Somebody needs to send him a sternly worded letter. 
You see they probably where not doing it to Americans /s
Oh no someone needs to subpoena him and then have him not show up.  
He told congress he didnt know if they were violating it...didn't Zuckerbot do something similar?
Testimony only applied to US privacy? Plausible deniability on EU privacy? Lol

Maybe it’s open seas
I currently do not observe EU law. (Nor ever will)
 Thanks and move along
WOW.  Some of these frogs are tougher than I gave them credit for!
That’s a big motherfucker! 
These aren't soy boy city slickin anti-white globalists.  This is the nationalist, mostly rural, maj
Dude that guy knows how to fight. He totally got him good square in that face guard. That had to hur
That’s coming here if AOC  gets her way.  
[deleted]
Beastmode **ON**/OFF
#Macron got No respect 
Was that The Terminator?
ah, this is the French manhood we've been looking for, outstanding!
It's kicking off big time in France. Other video's showing city centres completely on fire.
[Original video on Twitter](https://twitter.com/LinePress/status/1081554670961733633)

&#x200B;

Pre
Le Terminator!
With unity you can do anything, 10 people with no weapons can fight five people with weapons and vis
Holy shit that guy has more balls than more people I have ever seen! The way he flew in there wit

h
Cant fucking wait until we get our shot
What a badass.  In a fuckin pea coat
bull frog
There's at least 30 million of those guys in the US
EU gov't attempt to turn the police against the people re: yellow vest protests?
Police vs People _ 
thats not his first fight
That's one of the most badass things I've ever seen.
What’s happening.......

They are beginning to believe again.

These are the descendants of those th
It'd be even better if he was beating a politician rather than a cop.
Player two has entered the game.
Respect!
What an absolute fucking legend. 
Dude was landing some strikes! Looks like maybe some sap gloves?
biff baff beaux, ajuste mon chapeau
Macron: submit! 

French people: We seen this shit before, not again Satan!
Is there any videos where they aren't retreating?
That's a big boy right there.
But muh shield!
Fucked with the wrong frog.
That dude is a badass
It's only getting worse. I'm waiting for the Yellow Vests to start bringing things like bats and kni
Damn that was like when Aragorn was clearing the causeway at Helms Deep
Based fist man.  MFGA!
God bless the French citizens!
Go France! 
Man!!!  The police are retreating!  I love the Yellow Vests!
He's actually a well know professional boxer.
Bro wtf is Jason Statham doing in France?!
Now that's something you don't see every day...
Viva La Pen!
Fucking rocked. Wasn’t this dudes first rodeo. 
He was quite a busy lad that day.  There's footage of him putting the boots to one of Macron's tools
That must be the guy from [Sixteen Tons](https://youtu.be/zUpTJg2EBpw?t=40)
DAMN. Fight night tonight, a bare handed Frenchmen vs the French Riot Police. Winner, Frenchmen.
This should be a meme to help inspire the masses to fight back. I could watch this a hundred times!
When you forgot to gear up, but you’ve beaten the game before. 
The police should be joining them not fighting them. 
These are not protests. This is what a revolution looks like when you give up your guns. Make no mis
There’s no white flag in that French guy! This is truly s global movement against the globalist. 
Unlike the antifa pencil-necks who cover their faces and only attack in groups.
ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA!
> Anti-Riot

Is that what "EU" stands for? 
That’s a big dude!  
But they said riots are over...
That kind of shield actually has a lot of weaknesses, as even a LARPer can (and probably will) tell 
If only he put that violence towards the globalist politicians.
That’s a bruiser 
Praying for our French pedes! 
This guy needs a meme name.
Guy has a nice fuckin coat
Good luck France! You let this happen, hope you fix it but I will never support even one American se
Player 2 has entered the game!
That dude is lucky he wasn’t shot.  If I’m a cop and a guy comes at me swinging fists he’s going dow
This is an incredible example of how one man can lead and inspire an army. Those other guys got thei
Hate to see this happening to cops, but I get it
Looks like a big dude, who knows how to fight. That helps.
Sweep the legs Johnny 
Favorite part is how he jumps down onto that walkway just to protect the yellow vests being pushed a
New and improved Frenchmen! 👍🏻
dude is a tank! and hes doing the most dps on those riot police
Yo. That guy was an animal. 
That is one tough frog. Possessed by the spirit of Pepe perhaps?
What a fucking legend!
French proud boys
Man... I guess the French finally got sick of being walked all over. 
toughest Frenchmen I've seen. LETS TAKE OUR COUNTRIES BACK
Just in cause you motherfuckers in the french government forgot, these people your screwing with mad
EVERYBODY WAS KUNG FU FIGHTING!
Now that's an angry frog.
man i really wanna go to france to help these motherfuckers out, dudes a fucking tank
Absolute mad lad 
This will be America if the radical left gets the White House. 
Do you hear the people sing?
This is what it looks like when the French have had enough. 
You know this is the Alpha of the group. 
high lv shield-breaker pugilist with extremely loose hat
He’s fighting uphill too!
this is just the beginning! stop taking advantage of the people.  for DECADES upon DECADES we have d
Cops have never had to fight before, they clearly don't know how.
Equipment list item no. 1: Have hard knuckles
Fucking French, always leading the way! Fuck you, beautiful french bastards! We love you!
Just waiting for the police and military to join the protesters. Then the jig is up. The MSM over he
What happened to all the Savate and cane-fighters?
I just have to point this out to everyone. The yellow vests looked as if they were retreating and or
Unfortunately it's misdirected at the police. They should be invading the homes of their political l
sacre bleu!
One one side, you can see someone fighting for a cause.  
On the other side, you can see someone who
Do you know why they wear a yellow vest?
Because France is so regulated that there is a law that eve
That must be so satisfying.
Found that dudes [wallet](https://want-that.com/bad-mother-fcker-wallet/) 
Real life Grand Theft Auto
Jacques of Arc
To be honest, the police was holding back
Get these men some knuckle gloves that military use 
On ne passe pass!


The movement has spread WORLD WIDE!!!
Damn, the one time parkour comes in handy lol. (Or whatever that was at the beginning)
KICK HIS ASS! 
F
Damn!  
Fits powered with patriotism.
I'm sorry but he's wearing gloves...titles a little misleading.

jk jk 
Can someone please post this clip on Twitter and give me your username so I can share it please. 
Damn, that's no man, that a Renault Char 1B in human camouflage!
Wow those cops are pussy status!
If he used his punches to close into clinch range, he could grab that silly little plastic shield wi
Dylan, you son of a bitch
Those darn gas prices!
Was that Ishmael swinging his man purse?
u/megesxlr 
Go for the legs, yo! They have shields until they fall over, then they're done..
Based Popeye!
that man has done a little bit of boxing. kept the hands up.
They need to give these anti-riot cops some guns holy shit
Pepe Pattes
This is why you don't let people take away your guns
He fights like he used to play hockey
Damn! Who says Frenchmen don't fight!
Fucking BEAST. Love it. Good ol Alpha.
BURN FRANCE TO THE FUCKING GROUND
Cripes, there is someone I don't want to mouth off to.
That was fucking glorious!
This is still ongoing? Media moved on quickly. 
 

# LV.35 Boss
That's one of the most CHAD things I have seen. He actually moved them the fuck back too!
Did /pol/ steal this from Reddit, or did you steal it from /pol/?!
Honestly can’t believe there isn’t more reporting on this over here. I assumed (wrongly) that these 
France has had a poopy time since their first revolution, but this is in the spirit of their more ad
Sweep the leg, Johnny!
This video is great with the rocky music. 

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3SS9R9pp7E](
/r/Bossfight
You had me at “Frenchman fights”
S A V A G E
MFW the French pull a King Louis XVI...

https://imgflip.com/i/2qhbdb
I thought the police were abusing with the yellow jackets. What happened the last few weeks?
This dude may single-handedly make the French lose their reputation for being pussies (but, note: th
How's that Macron 'no confidence' vote going? LoL
Not bare hands - and I wonder if those are weighted gloves. Still, good form and power on those hits
What took em so long to grow a spine
He has to be some kind of pro fighter. 
Badass motherfucker 
Based Frenchmen
Fellow officers offer no assistance - - thanks guys 
Someone needs to give this some Dragon ball Z effects. 
I like how the dude just adjusts his clothin
Yo no lie that dude would have been body slammed by a 6'5 black cop in America. Our police are actua
Ok that's pretty hardcore. Daaaamm
BERSERKER MODE ACTIVATED!!!
Vive la France. This NEEDS to happen in DC right now. France showing they have big balls and ready t
Are you talking about the USAs contribution to NATO or some type of direct funding of France..... 
He brought gloves. When your a badass that's not bare handed. From what I've read the yellow vest mo
They are anti establishment anarchists, just because they started the riots over the climate tax doe
I'm torn. I hate seeing police attacked, every ounce of my upbringing I was taught to respect author
Pretty fly for a French guy!
Good Lord. He wrecked that fuckin pig. 
Guys, I'm honestly curious what your opinions are on this. With this short, context-less video, I se
But the police are just doing their job :(
Too little, too late, cucks.  Points for effort though.
We like this? WTF is wrong with you.

Edit: proudly taking my downvotes from my sub this time. I hat
We're not looking at these yellow vests as heroes are we?   This is just Antifa with vests on.
This is mostly antifa at this point guys.. be careful
Guys, this isnt something good. These Policemen are serving their country, risking their lives on th
I don't like the idea of fighting in the streets in order to cause change, but I do appreciate how a
Wait. Can I eat Oreos again?
The more the Democrat crazies attack him, the more Trump wins. I just read through the profiles of t
It's refreshing to have a president who actually keeps his promises and doesn't duck behind the excu
The two major promises to me were...

- You'd be in jail (restore faith in justice system)
- Build t
**CCN:** You ran your campaign promising your supporters that Mexico would pay for the wall ...

**G
My Mom, grandparents, and other family have always told me how great President Reagan was and that h
what's going on, my wife's boyfriend just walked in the bedroom and told me I have to hate Oreos and
[removed]
This is fucking awesome
Please run joe biden so we can meme him sniffing and fondling young children.
[removed]
Too bad Iphones are going to be manufactured in India now. Don't see how that's giving Americans job
I feel like he's going to share this. Haha. 
Just wanna say, The quality of memes in this sub is something else.
We have the most beautiful President ever!
This is actually great artwork. It's a political commentary on the American mainstream, a marginaliz
Leftist furious he is putting Americans back to work. 
I guess Prez Trump DID have a magic wand. And that those jobs actually were NOT gone for good. Barry
Promises Kept as Democrats wept!
Ah yes. My shipment of a focus, Oreos, an ac unit, coal and a MacBook has finally arrived. Thanks Sa
Ditch Apple please. 
Fantastic President....Loves America & Americans 
Put Intel on that slab!
Get the fuck back here communist Nike 
Promises made! Promise kept! This is one of many reasons. The left totally can't stand him or us. 
gee i wonder when my fellow air traffic controllers and I are gonna get paid 
Ford Fiesta. 
You forgot to draw the magic wand in his pocket.
Do we have to take Apple back?
GREATEST President ever !!! 🇺🇸   Just hoping that his campaign promise to “lock her up” will be happ
The more the dems bash Trump, the more we start winning!
What's with the apple one? They're moving their factories to India.
Fuck Apple though.
He should tweet this pic 😁
I even see Ford doing things like being back the Ranger to the USA, Looks like things are going pret
I love this man
Wow, they made him look healthy too! GREAT JOB. 
... Have any of them came back yet, or no?
Isn't APPL just moving production to India?
Finally, some good art in this sub again.
I’m out of the loop, is Oreo not making food in the us anymore? 
Thank you Trump. Very cool. JOBS NOT MOBS!
Unlike the government motors politicized departure, this has gotten zero press 
Is that a Ford Focus I see?
Wait, what did I miss about Oreos?
Am I this out of the loop. I don’t understand this at all!!?
Oreo's are made in Richmond, VA and have been for decades.
Isn’t apple moving to India?
Msnbc (what plays at my work lunchroom) spent a whole hour talking about how Trump was failing to ke
Lol at the little Pepe 
Nice !
Orange man good?
This is now my desktop background
its funny how literaly just lowering taxes allows companies to aford to pay 1st world wages and high
I'm still having difficulty with a President working FOR our country. I'm I dreaming?
Trump could bring back more jobs if he removes all minimum wage laws and unions. That would make it 
Orange Man rowed the boat ashore; Hallelujah 
I thank God for our president! Keep him and his administration in our prayers.l love our president.
‪Must Read: https://www.reddit.com/r/QAnon_Clues/comments/actm6a/the_great_awakening_enjoy_the_show_
Nice. A new poster for my office.
Wow that illustration is really excellent!! No signature though...I wonder who drew that?!
Much rather have a wall then shitty coal but it’s something
Wth I love Oreos now
We are the Borg. Lower your shields and surrender your ships. We will add your biological and techno
Why do they keep talking about this nobody, they are going to give her a platform and the purple hai
Deez
Thats reasonable once you buy into the climate alarmism every democrats needs to support this to saf
Somebody give this women a bottle opener and send her back to the bar
The tax man cometh. Give up your beach house Bernie.
It's hilarious that she thinks people will continue to work and give 70% when they can just pack the
>where are the Dems?

He should tweet live updates every 3-4 hours as to where each of them are, and
This is the best game of chicken I've ever seen
**CNN**:  Trump confirms he doesn't care about democrats.
BUT BUT the concern trolls here told me most of the workers are republican!
The Dems are likely at a coffee shop having an open mic night in support of LGBBQ rights, Mr.Preside
#I REALLY DON'T CARE, DO U?
OMG THE SPICE LEVEL
The Dems are on r/politics declaring that the term 'Globalist' is anti-Semitic because the Jewish pe
It's unreal that we have to negotiate for our border security when in the same budget Israel is gett
I don't care that it is mostly Democrats either. 
Such a good tweet for baiting the MSM. Get ready for the headlines "President Trump doesn't care abo
The Democrats will be destroyed on this. The playbook says the Republican is supposed to stand stron
I love it how he's constantly shifting the blame towards Dems and creating urgency, psychology games
MAGA! Dems will cave soon because people won't get their tax refunds, food stamps, and so on. Dems w
# MOST OF THE WORKERS NOT GETTING PAID ARE DEMOCRATS (I DON'T CARE)
the dems are busy working on an impeachment they will not get, an unconstitutional bill to eliminate
>where are the Dems?

Swearing an oath to Sharia Law.
They’re are trying to play checkers on a chessboard. Trump might end up converting a bunch of fed em
ABSOLUTE MADMAN
#WHERE ARE THE DEMS???
They're out "resisting" or wherever.
>I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats 

Guaranteed that that’s going
I'm a government worker, independent, voted for Trump, and want border security.  Most of the people
He just called them all "non-essential". Masterful troll.
The government workers don’t like missing paychecks? Now they know how millions of people feel who w
The Dems are having a much needed extended holiday and thinking they are doing Americans a favour by
I'm a Federal worker working with no pay.  I support the wall.  I support the president.  Even if we
The longer democrats refuse to work with Trump the better his chances are at 2020. 

Win win.
First time I read it, I interpreted this as, “People think I’m happy to let the government shutdown 
Lol lmao! Go get a new job if your hurting so bad! Job numbers are really great shouldn’t take very 
Anyone else feel he should use Schumer Shutdown everytime he says it?
It's not the government's role to provide jobs. It's is the gov role to provide national security. 
Well, Democrats generally don't work anyway, so...
Trump should just give the Demon-rats a deadline, like 1 week to negotiate, after which he will orde
No DACA
They are trying to figure out which sacrificial goat will run against trump with Hillary as their VP
I don’t care either!  Let them suffer
Dems are nowhere to be seen because they think they can control minds using the media which they do 
Damn what a fucking beast.

Awsome. Answer by Trump 
Fuck if most of the workers not getting paid are democrats maybe we should just leave it shutdown fo
Good 
If missing a paycheck or two will ruin your life you're doing it wrong 
Where does he get this from?? Has there been a study or poll of how Federal workers vote?  

I'm a F
Is it true that I won't have to pay taxes because the government is shutdown? haha
The Democrats will cave. How long can they resist paying non-essential government workers with stole
It’s interesting what happens during a government shutdown. We will see which government functions a
Well that’s not very helpful.  
He’s not saying he doesn’t care for democrats, he’s pointing that that once again, democrats are onl
Makes sense that the bloated federal govt is filled with non-essential Democrats milking the govt te
This is freekin great
Fake News: Trump doesn't care that workers aren't getting paid.
> I don't care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats

#;-;

halp halp I just witne
“I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats”.  Can you see what President 
I do. We need the progressive stack out of government. 
The BWN (aka Brain Washing News) doesn’t care about the Trump agenda other than ignoring and smearin
#FIRE THEM ALL
The Dems are on Twitter and other outlets spewing a coordinated river of bullshit about how the shut
He should tweet along the lines of “it’s really really simple folks. $5b for the wall and the shutdo
Let’s just never open that old government again. Mr President, get a couple 4 stars and draft up doc
Eh, I consider it a bonus, just a shame they'll get paid eventually.
Everyone will be paid MORE than they would have; this Shut down is money in the bank to anyone on fu
President Trump has put the Democrat leadership in quite a quandary:

Democrats can either end the s
They're at home: washing their tights.
BUILD THE WALL!
They can all get on welfare since that's what their bureaucratic population supports. 
President Trump, why don’t you ask them to meet you tomorrow down on the border so they can see firs
I'm not dem.  But I'm ready for the dems to come to the table and do their job.  Otherwise, he needs
InB4 the left takes the way he worded the first clause and spins it as:

 ***"Most of the workers no
>I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats

Sorry, but I can't agree with
Up vote this to the moon.  I give no shits for Democrats either.
Our great Border Patrol won't have a problem working without pay for years even because they are pat
The USA will save much more than $5B through the savings of government not wasting as much $ during 
#ASK NOT WHAT YOUR COUNTRY CAN DO FOR YOU

#INSTEAD ASK WHAT YOU CAN DO FOR YOUR COUNTRY


You have 
The fact that at least 90+% of the government workers in DC are Dimms does make a difference to me. 
Cnn: Trump aadmits he shut down gov to punish democrat workers!
womp womp
>Where are the Dems?

I'm sure the Dems are just sitting back and bitching, pissing, and moaning abo
Absolute madman
Where they at doe
Remember, SOTU is coming up.  Trump can use that to pound them into the ground, if the government is
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahaha the G.O.A.T
So most of the government workers affected by the shutdown are Democrats? How does anyone know that.
More onus on Dems now.

Schumer and pelosi s Twitter is just nonstop panic 
Given his superior negotiating tactics, we have to have a check from Mexico for the Wall by now. Not
Keep it shutdown until we get our border security.  Ie. a strong steel wall.

And our gun Rights bac
[removed]
The picture is from El Salvador.  It's Marxist revolutionaries shooting four women, two are already 
Where/ when is the original photo?
Triggly to the top.
A politician lied?

You don't say.
There aren't many politicians Repub or Dem that regularly keep their promises to America. 2 that do 
Anyone dumb enough to vote for a Democrat deserves what they get.
Democrats gonna Democrat 
What’s the list of 17 and where did they state their promise not to do so?
Horrible for all Americans 
PA 17 here. Was Conor Lamb one of those?

Edit: Just looked it up. NO. Conor Lamb voted NO on Nancy,
Because it’s”just a campaign promise!”
A democrat is full of shit? In other news, water is wet.
Promises Made Promises Broken. Should be a flair.
As a Canadian, yes we have to deal with Trudeau right now... but at least one of our two major parti
Why does she look like a Blasey Ford scrubbed of her makeup?
I mean, we all knew that Nancy "the walking corpse" Pelosi was going to be the speaker. 
[15 Democrats defect on speaker vote and oppose Nancy Pelosi](https://www.foxnews.com/politics/15-de
Promises made to get elected are always broken by Democrats
There's Mr. Nuke 'em
No surprise; Never trust a Democrat!
Weird. People still expect Dems to be honest?
Lies are their only constant features.
[deleted]
Looks like she's having a stroke. 
Without even a bit of hesitation or drama.
Could they do a recall due to bad faith?  I never seem to to be able to find anything about what con
Am I the only one who hoped for Cortez to be speaker?

Because that would have been wondrous. 
You should write their names here so we all know.
Nancy: Do my bidding
Dems: Reeeeeeeeee
Swalwell's new name:

Number 2
That's why the hate Donald Drumph.
He is the first politician to actually work to keep his campaign 
As a congressman, the perfect time to betray your constituents is immediately after you are elected.
That's it?
I spy a soy smile.
And one wants to impeach the motherfucker
This image.... perfection.
What did Max Rose D/NY vote?
##NUMBER TWO
Are Trump and Pence about to have weightlifting accidents?
Hyuk hyuk uhhh huhhhh durrrr durrrr
You don’t say...
Glorious meme.

Let me bask in it.
I am not surprised.  I am not a Democrat tho
Real shocker
This has me shook. 
honestly, elect speaker of house by party line should be outlawed

Let the true speaker of people be
She's got more chin skin than Jabba the Hutt. 
Was Mike Myers really the first to discover and put to use the soy-face expression?  
They only votd for her because otherwise they’re sexist. 
To the surprise of no one. 
Imagine my shock 🥴
They had their fingers crossed when they made those promises 
*Ahhh....* **POWER!!**
Good. Let Pelosi be the face of the party. This move demoralizes the Democrat's radical far-left bas
When your fellow party members are a bunch of degenerate pedophiles it's pretty fucking easy to blac
These "outsiders" always fall in line with the establishment in the end.
We have the same phone 
Bob is Red Pilled AF 
Here's an additional one from my profession:

5. There is a lawsuit attached to every round you fire
Good job patriot
Here's a math problem for Pelosi:  

You're in East TX hunting ducks.  You are attacked by a pack of
All good rules.  With the commie press for disarming (the law abiding citizens of) America, I might 
I like #5
Two proposed solutions to preventing a rape from two different parties.

&#x200B;

Democrats: Piss y
Exactly.  
"God created Women, The 2nd Amendment made them equal." 
Amen. Nothing says 'no' to a rapist like a 9mm to the chest.
 

# God Created Men and Sam Colt Made Them Equal!
Ironic hat is ironic 
The left wants to keep guns out of the hands of women. How sexist of them! 
Isn't it crazy how moronic the left is? 

Literally fighting to take their own rights away. Catering
it's no coincidence guns are called "the ultimate force equalizer". If women want to fight "rape cul
Now, that's a true statement. 
https://i.imgur.com/Rd8J93v.png
Oooo great point, this chick loves it.
Great poster!  Party on Wayne!!! 
Former range safety officer and assistant armorer here. Being one of the few females (most time only
Bless her
Ladies, show us your equalizers!
Love this!
Patriot. 
The feminazi brigade has helped no one.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?

Trick question, feminists can't change anyth
The only good commie is a dead one
How does it feel to kill someone? I don’t know I’ve only killed communists....
🤣
Communists don't kill communists.  Communists kill the serfs they reign over.
Have to Fascist the facts....
Didn’t he lose enough already?
🖕😂
Hes being put out there to split the voters. He knows he wont win and knows hes this tool.
Mittens only path to a nomination is as a senator. Most of our recent presidents have been senators 
Will be a 3 time loser
I doubt the GOP is going to try to primary President Trump. Could it happen, I guess, but I don't se
Romney lied to the people of Utah just so he could screw with GEOTUS. 
They're trying to split the vote. They'd rather lose and let psychotic progressives destroy the coun
Fuck it, he should fuck off *now*.
Wont Romney be in Gitmo by then for fixing the Utah election machines, drug Money laundering through
**Imagine Mitt the Shitt running with Joe Biden as INDEPENDENTS...**
That would be a priceless event. What a fucking stooge.
He will lose then just as before. Don’t interrupt his mistake.
Don’t be fooled. 

He knows he’ll lose. 

He’s doing this because he’s a deep state dem/RINO cuck. A
Beware All Pedes: he will run in the general as a 3rd party to siphon conservative votes. Like Perot
Eff Mittens. 
No, No, No, He is a flip flopper, a swamp creature and most importantly, an opportunist.  He just wa
He will never win because he is Mormon. It’s that simple.
Agreed, Mitt Romney is just desperate for attention, he should get behind Trump now while he's still
What a treasonous POS. Great job, people of Utah who voted for him. Fuck you.
1)The RINOs see their power dwindling, they are Never Trumpers.


2)The Corprate left,  think Hillar
He lost big before.  Now go the fuck away
As long as he runs as a Dem I see no reason to object.
That piece of shit slimeball 
Train hard pedes!
We have the best ladywife Pede backsides don’t we?
Note that “Reason” is about to die. Trump lives in Jim Carrey’s head rent-free. Even if they create 
what happened now?? 
Did the tooth gap come from untreated syphillis?
If it's endless it's not a war, it's a business.
me fourth from the back
#This is the Greatest Cartoon of all times👀💯🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🍻🍻🍻👍😎👉🍻👌💋💯
That's my President.
Where do you find these Ben Garrison ones? I check GRrrrr but don't see em. 
This one is powerful.
Trump is marching to his own beat while the troops are all in step with each other while following t
Huh, so steel really is stronger than concrete
Oh man this one is REALLY good. My new background.
And the same idiots who endlessly spew "america starts all the wars!" Will give no credence to this.
My favorite one 
Those with TDS: Trump is racist because he said he would ban muslims (but actually did not do it at 
Nice King Arthur reference!  Hear ya! 
Bring 'em back alive.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=OU0qdbcHmpw


Please please please this. 
Seriously.  I'm not against going to a place and doing a necessary thing there, but let's be honest,
“Sand and Death. Sand and Death” DJT
This Ben Garrison guy is a cartoon genius!
Liberals: "#BringThemHome"  
Also Liberals: "REEEE! Le Drumpf brought our troops home, gonna destabi
Bring them home=restart terrorism 

The fuckup was going in there in the first place
Every needs to see the movie Vice about Dick Cheney and how he exploited 9/11 to started a war with 
[Ewin Starr said it best](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01-2pNCZiNk)
Argggghhhh, right in muhhhhhh feeeeeelz
The real war is over here on our shores 
His slogan WAS "America 1st." Those guys overseas have been fighting since the dawn of time, and wil
Like this here:

[https://twitter.com/barstoolsports/status/1074068739631521793](https://twitter.com
I wonder what people actually believe that if we stay 1 year or a 100 the the moment we all leave it
His truth is marching on!🇺🇸🇺🇸
"There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare..."
 --The Art of War, Su
Very cool. Now can we get(or crowdfund) a Vatican City style wall around it, so they can stop being 
Lol this dude is hilarious
Inclusive is our word. Ree. 
Democrats rather see dead cops than send illegals back

Democrats are the enemy of the USA 
This is why Trump said we would own the Shutdown and eventually turn it around on the Democrats. 5 b
Foreign aid across the board needs to be completely cancelled worldwide. We are not the world's bank
The 10B is from from the State Department. That's executive branch. Squarely in Pres. Trump's wheelh
And that money goes straight into the pockets of crooked politicians/military strongmen and gets lau
Anybody figured out why our country sends billions to “aid” these countries, yet they end up here il
“We can’t build a wall! It’s immoral and doesn’t work!”

*sends billions of dollars in aid to known 
Get the Dems to go do one shift at the border with their family and see how fast that wall gets buil
Central America can pay for the Wall. 
Because Democrats love wasting the money of all the suckers that are out there working for a living 
REEEEEEEPOST
uh oh, now she's officially Whitesplaining. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
What she meant was:

"I am not a person of color, but I totally prenteded to be at one time to explo
Bwahahahahahaha.  Oh shit, this was great.
just needs a "Please Clap" at the end.
I love how she trying to rationalize the whole shit after it went sideways.. 

*"I meant to do that.
> “This part of my history.”  
  
🤣🤣🤣
No shit, you ugly ass librarian. 
"I'm not a person of color" 

There's nothing more retarded than the marxist joke of "people of colo
Yeah there's a real commander in chief.  
When you consider that "person of color" actually means "non white", she's actually saying "I'm not 
She looks as presidential as a wet turd.
Tough to wrap one’s mind around the fact that the Dems frontrunner for 2020 is a white woman who has
Sioux City, Iowa LoL 
True politician, just keep talking shit, hope something will catch on... the salary for politicians 
I’m not a person of color. I gave it a shot. It worked out pretty well for a while, but that one is 
Lol, she's like a female jeb
"Republicans made a lot of racial slurs". Bitch, you FAKED your race for diversity benefits for a jo
hold that forked tongue for one second!! 
Ohhh, now's she Latin because she's all Mea Culpa!
“Today’s the day!” - liberals everyday 
It shows how shallow most people's understanding of the news is.  They get a general drift from a he
Let's start a betting website where you can place bets on if Trump will be impeached or not. We will
[Congress](https://www.congress.gov/search?q=%7B%22source%22%3A%22legislation%22%2C%22search%22%3A%2
FAKE NEWS LIARS. 
Can't watch it right now.  Which fake news is it this time?
Saved for later.  I've got a huge backlog I'm trying to work through.  Dear lord the massive amount 
I think he posted how much he hates his work being used in trump memes.

Naturally that wasnt effect
Its a campaign against STDs and for safe sex
This is so hilariously! 😁😆😂please don’t stop the Jim Carrey memes! Brilliant!
A miracle to bring in the new year :)
Nasty women. I don’t support anyone who has believes things like oppressing women with hijab, or kil
Obama romanticized Islam to millennials. I don’t know if this country can ever really recover from t
Not long after 9/11, a liberal relative in the Midwest told me that everyone made too big a deal of 
At some point, "Never Forget" became "You better not mention this, or else!"
Yup, totally different times.Flags anywhere they could fly, if people heard even one terrorist sneak
NEVER FORGET

#NEVER FORGIVE
NWO Globalist Bush called Islam the Religion of Peace afterwards. We weren’t fully awake then but we
And, further, has anyone noticed else post-911  the boom in mosques and people of the Middle Eastern
I lost a childhood friend in the South Tower. These disgraceful bitches set my teeth on edge... And 
We Olds refuse to forget.......the young have no idea or were not born so no respect for those who w
I wasn’t even alive when that happened—feels so surreal being this young talking with adults.

And y
We didn't forget, they did. 
2020 is the first federal election  that citizens born after 9/11 can vote. 
If I did my math correc
Never Forget Building 7 and those that died in that building too. 
There's people that would fight to save the American way of life. Then there's those that would surr
History will look back at multiculturalism as the invasion that began the collapse of Europe and the
"Al Qaeda is on our side in Syria"
The Obama admin was shipping weapons to Al Qaeda aligned rebels t
I didn't think we could lose and we did. I didn't think Democrats would side with Muslims and they d
Who is the whore on the right showing her hair?
50 years ago we were afraid a catholic would do the popes bidding. And today we open our arms to sha
We should have had a zero tolerance policy on Islamic immigration from the beginning.
I don't think most of us forgot. I think our government betrayed us. 
http://www.secretsinplainsight.com/ix-xi/    
    
IX XI <---- Look at what's between the two X's
We never forgot.

Those in charge just wanted to make sure we had to much of other things to do anyt
Disgusting...god..
America had forgotten 9-11 by the time 2008 had happened and they elected an America hating Muslim m
Nasty beeotches 
I don't remember exactly what speech Bush gave after September 11th but he said this was going to be
We are literally allowing Moslem invaders into our institutions of leadership.

I have not forgotten
So whats the story on the thing in the middle marrying her brother?  Any truth to it?
Absolutely disgusting 
I don't think it's so much as we've forgotten, rather we've been swamped by fast breeding Muslims.
Terrorism works. We never would have vent over backwards for Muslims until 9/11. They knew we would 
No Muslims!
u/mddet     
They didn’t censor [your name here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fuckthealtright/comments/a
You're becoming like the UK. Cucked in your own country by liberals
A white rat and two cockroaches.
I can't believe we've come to this.  All I can think is that a lot of young people who were not aliv
New rule for congress...need to eat a slice of bacon before taking your oath.
We didn't forget, far from it.  What we did was allow those with the ability to vote to  put them in
Israel did 9/11
Guys, not all muslims are terrorists 
[deleted]
Inside job. 
[removed]
>Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth u
Rev 21:17. Even the new heaven will have a wall that’s 216 feet thick, and that’s after evil is defe
The wall just got ten commandments higher.
Hell is open borders
Amen!🙏❤️
Cute. You think there is a heaven... 
If elisabeth warren was the first woman of color teaching at harvard you can life the lie too.
How dare they forget about women empowerment even after feminists played a major role in identity po
That's how Democrat votes are farmed
**I can top that one! (as they're at least letting you pay full price & earn your degree :)**

CA CS
This is their sneaky shit.  They don't discriminate against you, they just favor everyone except you
The majority of social spending goes to 2 groups: females and ethnic groups. 2 groups constantly cla
Don't you know you have to be a complete loser to get ahead these days?! 
Hypocritical racism is everywhere. 
There are studies one can google that show in detail what every rational adult knows to be true. The
Where do you get your news?
This explains everything
😂 
Oh the huge manatee.
She definitely needs a few more cheeseburgers as well
and nielsen told her:  "those aren't MY facts, those are THE facts."  love it!
"i reject your facts"

you can't make this shit up.
I kind of want to say, "I reject your feels. These aren't my feels."
That's what happens when you give a pathetic raging alcoholic unlimited taxpayer funded booze 
Typical liberal cunt.


Move the goal posts when you start losing.
Rules for thee, not for me.
"I reject your facts."

This basically sums up the left in 2019.


Is there a link to video of her saying this?
#Typical liberals

They always change their beliefs and positions based on what is politically advan
Anyone notice that GEOTUS has not created a nickname for Pelosi?
Dems are socialists with an end goal of communism/single world order. They def just point whichever 
She's proof that demons exist.   She's nothing but a smelly  meat costume for a pet of Moloch.  She 
Haha! Dude! Alternative facts is a perfectly reasonable thing to say! And they HAVE made fun of her 
What's with all these "power women" and their giant fucking necklaces? 

At least pelosi doesnt have
She only said the first sentence. The second, “these aren’t my facts” was said by the DHS Secretary.
Irony impaired bitch is clueless lol. They are so easy. 
*These* are the type of democrats we need to give airtime to. The ugly democrats with real power and
Remember when "Alternative Facts" was getting heavily meme'd by the left? I member
“She spoke her truth you spoke you truth which isn’t the truth that is hers, which is true to that t
Did she actually say this? What the fuck, and they’re the ones who shat themselves over ”alternative
I'm surprised she didnt scream your a racist or nazi when confronted with actual facts
Yeah, all those dead Americans were just imaginary, I guess?  All those people murdered by illegals,
Is Nancy a r/ redacted mod?
#NotMySpeaker 😈
I really liked the whole alternative facts statement. It was an admission of the inherent subjectivi
Say this to leftists to shut them down 
Did she actually say that? I need to see that. Anyone got links to video?
"IMPEACH BUSH!!"
Old fucking bitch. Don't work she'll die of old age soon.
Ugly inside out 
Pelosi: I reject your reality and substitute it with my own.
https://twitter.com/phil4gop/status/1076565841804697600
SOURCE??

Anyone got a link?
Two countries — two sets of facts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeMZGGQ0ERk
I reject your reality, and substitute my own!
Does she do anything for the American people? 
"Standards are for thee not for me."
What a fraud. 
Facts don’t care about your feelings
Pelosi: The Borg Queen.
Excellent meme, OP. Well done. Great job exposing her hypocrisy and viciousness. 
“Resist Truth and Facts!”
The next 2 yrs will be fun. Fun because the dems like Pelosi will advertise their low IQ on  TV ever
"Your facts make us look stupid as fuck.  We just can't have them."
I reject your reality and substitute my own! 
I wonder how must plastic surgery she has had?
MFW I read *TF(acelift)W* for the first time..cry laugh. 
Is this real? Did she deadass say this?
"It's not her truth!" Bringing back the Blasey Ford days...
"Pelosi also asked the DHS head whether she was counting anyone crossing the border illegally as hav
2 years of watching denture hockey. Can I take it?
amen-this is the stupidity that has run our country into the ground-has anyone seen the jihad rep on
Not my speaker!!!
Nancy “Loose Dentures” Pelosi. She’s so hard to listen to, and it’s not always about the nonsense sh
Wall is immoral. What da motha fukin fuck?!
And this is why having her as speaker is such a win for Trump. 
"These aren't my real titties" 
She looks like a fucking scarecrow.
We should brand these people as Crazy Democrats. They'll do enough on their own to provide the confi
“I reject reality and substitute my own.”
And of course no one will mention it again.
Our fact have been around since the beginning of time. Her fact are brand new and have no footing in
She should have been shot as soon as she uttered those words. It would have been the humane thing to
Alternative fact is what Kellyanne used to be polite against saying "fake" news to CNN. It tried to 
Sarah sanders is that you????
So Nancy, let me ask you a question. If a wall is "immoral" why did you support a wall in 2006, 2008
Not MY speaker.
Cuz the very best facts are the ones you make up yourself. 
President Trump, keep the idiot talking as much as possible in front of the live media!!  She's so d
Wait..when did this go down? I gotta check it out! I want some lolz!!!
We are screwed in California. The “wealthy” will just claim residency in a no state tax state. The “
bUt ThEy’Re RuNnInG a SuRpLuS
This neighborhood is in Portland, no less!
His name was ------

HUGH MUNGUS
Holy shit 
Is this meme magic?
At least it’s better than a bike rack !
NEVER FORGET!!!
Top kek!
This is old news anyone who didn't think or know that the Vicente fox was connected to the cartels i
Any politician in mexico that isn't murdered [within a few hours of assuming office](https://www.tim
Text “BORDER” to 88022
Guess who also lives in America instead of mexico.....Vincente Fox
I could have told you that. AMLO seems like a legit guy trying to do what is best for
MEXICO. Vincen
So Vincente Fox was in bed with the cartels all along.  That explains a few things.   Good job destr
Linked as in arm in arm? Next Chapo will admit Fast & Furious was a delivery service.
Considering Mexico and its government are so utterly corrupt and covered in criminal chaos, it might
Marge you went to the future and didnt take your Homie?
Fake Louie
That guy looks like he's from the future
I am terrified of the creature in this meme.
The thing is Trump never talks bad about the voters. Not once.  The libs hate all of us. We're deplo
No no, don't tell me. Let me guess.

The replies to that all talk about his upcoming indictment? :)
Dedicated to his girlfriend, which he murdered 
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
How cute - a mentally challenged homeless man is pretending to be an artist. Isn't that cute? 

**^(
You couldn't expect straight lines with those limp wrists
We worked so hard and you threw it all away.
“Not on my watch”
Keep your eye on this guy fellow patriots.
>S O O N
I can't say, or I'll be banned 
What’s with all the Jim Carrey stuff? This is just as confusing as the lemon memes
[https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3803335/Jim-Carrey-gave-ex-girlfriend-STDs-triggering-suic
He actually said this?
If so, he really needs to rethink his position on trump!
Damn! STDs, drug addiction and being responsible for your girls suicide must be wearing him down. Do
This is so fucking spicy. 

Someone get Jim “the cuck” Carrey a glass of milk. 
I’m upvoting every one of these Carey fucking memes today! It’s honest work. 
>Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any dumber, you go and do something like this . . . an
It's a lot easier to talk to the press when you don't need your words to go through the filter of 10
Zero!
He’s the first one who genuinely cares that the American ppl are informed. 
No one believes California is getting better as it is by all indicators getting worse. Many resident
At this point if you think we have legitimate elections you are either a liar or an idiot.
War's comin
Well the cat's out of the bag now. I bet you there will be 500 republican harvesters ready for 2020.
It's not perfectly legal. 
This is how the Democraps turned Orange County blue. There was so much fraud here in CA. Then the Pa
Other STATES NEED TO SUE CA FOR FEDERAL ELECTIONS!  FOR FRAUD
Two can play that game, can't they?
When I hear "The New Yorker" I think of President Trump, not this shitrag that is *literally* allerg
And $8.99 a copy for that rag
This is when the Rino's introduce bills that they pretend to support - when there is no chance of th
This is a great idea when you have a majority. Get fucked swamp
They have time for theatrics. 
>enacting a national sales tax

This is some NESARA type stuff, and a great idea.
This would have been useful to sponsor A YEAR AGO.  Now it's meaningless virtue signalling.  
Lol republicans doing what they do best - pretending to care about their jobs and values when they’r
Great. Now both sides are virtue signaling to their bases by introducing protest bills that will nev
Well they're mighty safe to introduce that bill right now.

Problems I see are 

1. D controlled Hou
I don't see how this would help anything. Just slashing income tax with no plan to reduce spending m
It won't pass.  I'd be suspicious by default of anything that does pass over the next two years.  Fo
Why didnt these RINOS introduce it when they had control? Because like everything else with them, it
I love the fair tax
I really don't see how that would work because that is going to just raise the cost of every single 
Screw this. Audit the fed.
DO THIS NOW!!!!!!

I know it can't succeed.. but a version of this that includes a repeal of the 17t
Bunch of do-nothing cucks.

Here’s the real question: why are we allowing cucks to cuck us? When are
Too little, too late. Just like the cry and bitching about Obamacare while he was in office. They th
Just how stupid were our great (great) grandparents?

1913 was a BAAAAD year.
Hell yes, abolish the IRS. 
They're fucking pussies. They push this because they know it won't pass the Democrat-controlled Hous
This is what I’ve waiting for... may the heavens above make it so
To all my fellow lefties, if we abolish federal income taxes we can deny Drumph the funds for his ev
It also adds a national sales tax which at the insane rates they were proposing would completely fuc
This is just theatrics ... Would have thought lion Ted Cruz would have been a sponsor...not that it 
So both sides are introducing shit that will never pass. Cool waste of my money
Ah, I see the republicans have joined in proposing bills that will never pass. Good to see the bipar
Reeeeeeeeeeeee!  This is part of Putin’s plot to prevent Trump from having to release his tax return
What part of "you don't get to abolish Constitutional Amendments without a Constitutional Amendment,
Well don’t taunt me with a good time!!
Taxes are illegal.
I wish this would happen. Holee fuck.
**The economy would explode to infinity and beyond**. 
Why does OPs URL keep redirecting me to reddit.com??????

https://i.imgur.com/ZbNi7IZ.jpg
It will never pass, but I guess we can dream. 
Most of of them would be against it if they thought it had even a chance of passing. 
M U R I C A
This is what I'm talking about. 
I'm too drunk to read the proposal but VAT is a fair tax as they go. No progressive tax bracket bull
Wow so brave. Pelosi will never let this go to the floor.
They only introduce it now because they know it has no chance of passing the House.  These Republica
All federal revenues should come from port duties, and amounts negotiated directly with state legisl
In the next act, audit the fed?  
Nope, ABOLISH THE FED.
Had to introduce this now, and not over the past 2 YEARS?!
No Way!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4eScf6TMaM
How wonderful would that be.... damn! DO IT!
Oh if I live to see the day the fucking IRS gets abolished I can die happy!!
It'll never pass, unfortunately.
I see the politicians are already ramping up for 2020.   

We want results...not BS bills to make us
They couldn't have done this any time over the past 2 years?????
The big question would be how much would the sales tax be?
But how would all the people that vote Democrat for a living continue to maintain their parasitic wa
Do it! 
How you gonna pay for the wall, the military without taxes?
Has this ever been a bill before. My husband said they do this every year but I have seen no proof o
FAIRTAX ACT from 2007? Premise is a nation wide sales tax on all goods and services. Starting at 23%
But wtf is this horse crap? 

https://www.congress.gov/bill/116th-congress/house-bill/21/text?q=%7B%
Hell yeah, more money savings for me. Give me back my hard earned dollars!
Hell yes.  The war has been paid for enough already. 
I'm so proud of this community
This won't go anywhere. It's been done before. 
While it's just virtue signaling, it's at least nice to see something like this even see the light o
The Fed would crash the economy before they let something like this pass.
At least it provides contrast with Dem bills.
unlimited power 
YES, FUCKING YES. OMG. **YES**
This likely won't get far, but here's holding out hope for the beginn
What realistically has to happen for this to pass?
Really wish President Trump would start pushing for term limits.  Make it as big as the wall.
So the next 2 years on this subreddit is going to be posting every stupid fucking bill that both sid
Next month probably:
A bill was introduced in the House to split up America into 50 separate nations
48% of the governments revenue comes from income tax. Explain to me how eliminating it is a good thi
This will definitely pass 
Plenty of concernfags in here.
Useless. Why now?
 https://i.imgur.com/NuDiitw.jpg 
90% of these bills have no chance of being passed - waste of money and pure rhetoric...swamp bills. 
I mean this is a terrible idea. No one likes taxes but they are necessary for a society to function.
Gospel of John 10:1 "Truly, truly, I say to you, He that enters not by the door into  the fold of th
Fucking unhinged.
They blithely crank out shit like this and it never occurs to them that the white identitarian movem
White children are already a minority in US public schools.  I guess this is one minority group the 
We could ALL leave planet earth right now to live on mars, they would all follow us, demanding this 
Sooo..... does that mean it would be better if white children's whiteness was very visible and loud?
LETS GET READY FOR THE RACE WAAAAAAARRRRRRR
The author if Fathers day needs more feminism

Archive pls on mobile

https://www.nbcnews.com/think/
What utter trash. Such race baiting trash. 
As always, the media is the enemy of the people.  In this case, if you have white skin, the media is
We need to welcome and empower MAGA Jewish folks to BTFO racist people like this guy.
This is open racism

[???](http://magaimg.net/img/6zb0.png)
From the article:
"Racism is so hard to overturn, in part, because white people prop it up when they
Anyone else remember a time when any network that published this racist crap would get crucified by 
He'll find some excuse... "it's a fence", "It's not finished"....
This is good. I don't know why we aren't seeing more photos of the ~~wall~~ border barriers that are
    📂 Documents
    └📂 Politics
     └📂 US Presidents
      └📂 Trump
       └📂 Bad Ideas
        └❌ 
If the Wall costs $15B and only stopped 25% of illegals from crossing it would pay for itself in 10 
Gold, Jerry, that's GOLD. 
Not money making, rather money saving.

Which is fucking huge because if we don't cut expenses soon,
It pisses me off to see it rusty. 
Correction. It’s not a money-making machine. It’s a money dam.
📂 Documents
└📂 Politics
 └📂 US Presidents
  └📂 Trump
   └📂 Bad Ideas
    └❌ This folder is empty﻿
Not finished; it needs the round pipe-like top so grappling hooks can't grab.  Because lasers.
Not to mention ONE year’s government handouts given to illegals would pay for the wall in it’s entir
$1.9 billion was obligated by HHS in FY18 for unaccompanied children program alone and Democrats say
Finance numbers here.  Assuming a 3% discount rate, $25b initial investment, and fixing yearly illeg
If the US is spending upwards of $158 BILLION on illegals per year, $5.6 billion is a drop in the pr
Is it already rusting?

shouldn't they paint it?
Ummm that’s against the narrative buddy!
Are the copper plates at the top to absorb the sun and make it too hot to touch during the day?
Lmao holy shit, one thing is for sure, you do NOT want to even play about fucking with The Donald! O
Man, she was cute too.
Too soon?

*Nah*
Why?
Savage 
Oh that explains why Jim is painting, lol it’s for his therapy for his mental illness 
aw man... that is BRUTAL
Oh shit son...  

***SPICY***
It's not as 'artisinal' as an original Carrey, but I like it!
Took a second or two but I see what you did
She was hot! She could have done better. 
Man if I was Jimbo that would trigger the hell out of me. Good work tear farmer!
That's her? I thought, JESUS CHRIST HOW YOUNG IS SHE? but she was 28.

He is 55.

And then I looked 
Her mouth has a smile but her eyes read "help".
Wtf I love Jim Carey now
Thanks, Utah.
Because Mitten Jr. is chomping at the bit for his chance to vote YES on impeachment as soon as the a
he's probably still wandering around the basement of the capitol building.  seriously, what a back-s
ALL of these so-called  Republicans are anti-MAGA pieces of shit.
MittMuffun did finally call her out.  I’m sure was painful for him to write. 
This guy is everything
Its because you need spanish for it obviously
Impossible the left told me they were kkk.
It’s racist to black people
Very nicely done
I don't get this Jim Carrey thing. Was he ever pro Trump? 
This makes me feel wRm and fuzzy, no idea why tho!
Love it!
Are there Jim Carrey Pro-Trump gifs?
Wait..am I missing something... Isn't that Tom Cruise?
Close enough. 👌
Cue up the Kenny Loggins, and load the meme cannons!
Did you actually receive a request from Jim Carrey to stop using him in Pro Trump Memes?
Two tier corrupt justice system.  Blind eye towards Dem establishment.  Slanted and evil eye towards
Stand strong President Trump!
Keep naming names!! Fucking Obama's TRUE colors need to be seen!
Unless he starts going after these rats, they are not going to stop their crooked shit and cover ups
MSM and their manufactured outrage is sickening. The scary part is after President Trump, they will 
I come here for the sheer joy of being among friends. My FB feed is all, “Trump is throwing another 
I heard Hillary Clinton was running a pay-for-play charity scam, selling US uranium to the Russians,
Barr had better get a hold of this rogue "Justice" Department and start kicking some ass.
Does anyone even REALLY believe Trump committed anywhere near the level of violations that Obama and
Everyone commits campaign violations it seems. It’s not a big deal to anyone ever, unless they can u
Declassify all of it!

Shine the light on all their crooked crimes!

Let the NSA release all the hum
Let 'em know, GEOTUS.
Totally innocent, totally cool.
This is technically correct. The SDNY prosecutors and NY judge did, however, pressure a man into ple
It’s hilarious, because if this is a campaign violation then fucking everything is. Oh, you paid for
DO NOT FORGET: Obama campaigned across Europe and then set up an online donation system where it was
Sorry Mr. President but it is a big deal. If people treat the law as nothing more than a rule they c
Mueller is between a rock and a hard place. The longer he drags this out the less the public support
This is not a new observation, but the Twitter comments to GEOTUS include so many TDS haters who get
But if left wingers in r/politics scream loud enough and shit their pants hard enough, this will be 
I'm still waiting for them to explain what this supposed campaign finance violation is.  
Can you imagine where we would be if we did not have this man to take their slings and arrows for us
Love this POTUS!!
#YOU PAY A FINE! 
Yeah they're workin hard to turn nothing into something.   
Does anybody have sources? I'd love to read up on these instances!
“Currently a part of my opposition” is interesting.
Except Dinesh D'Souza who was sent to prison for a very minor one and had no precedent for jail time
Completely unrelated tinfoil hat moment.. but I honestly think Mueller has been setting up an elabor
PRESIDENT Obama? Did you mean that black civilian who was corruptly thrust upon us, raised by a Musl
[removed]
[removed]
Through fire by cleansed, heathen!

Into the autoclave!
Dems want to bring this here. God help us if they ever win back power.
Californians move to Colorado. Laws suddenly change after many decades to reflect Californian laws.

There was a time when the local residents maintained parks, took pride in their towns, and did not h
Yeah or just tell the Californians to stop shitting everywhere.
It's been like 2 weeks ... really.. years of damage? GTFO. Fake news folks.
Two weeks. It's been two weeks and these goofballs are claiming "years of damage ".  
Bear shits in the woods part of nature's fertilizer. Man shits in the woods years of damage. Moral o
Then pick up your own trash and dispose of it.
Jesus fucking christ how dumb are Americans as to be able to do years of damage in two weeks?! Wtf? 
Give them something to do when they come back to “work”.
people who allegedly love the parks apparently can't help themselves from throwing their trash every
Sunday morning drama. Embellish, spin and outright lie.
Reeeeeeeeee... More bullshit. Who pays these dick heads? 
Louis CK might end up changing sides before long.

They're out to destroy him at the moment.
They say they do, but they all cheat on those “men” with buff alpha males on the side. 
I'll never forget John Green (bottom right) vlogged that Donald Trump would never be President.  He 
Easiest to dominate
WHY DO THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME?!
Soy Face is a real thing.... it’s a crippling deformity often associated with the brain disease know
Top center looks like he just understood hot water is simply made of cold water if you're patient en
The triggered face on the top left corner cracks me up every time. Who is that guy?
I’ve got to get new glasses.
Phil Fish has to be the worst of them all. That self-important, lying, piece of shit.
Problem glasses (male edition)
Eeewww🤢
Who is top left
But only to use your funds while taking bbc in every orifice.
The worst is the bearded beta faggot from the True Car commercials.    There's no way that guy didn'
ts ‘women’ may love these beta cucks...but you’ll be hard pressed to find a dime interested in these
Finally a court that uses common sense not feelings and political correctness. 
Transgenderism is a mental disorder, thats why they are transitioning in the first place for fucks s
Transgenders should be banned. They are unstable people. What happens when they go to a war zone and
Boom 💥 
Screw that fired turncoat globalist.
Thank God this is photoshopped. GEOTUS doesn't need seven flavors of viral hell from having touched 
Actually pointing this out indicates a fundamental misunderstanding of government. President Clinton
How many of those Republicans are RINOS still?
This is the reality that the left are electing people who don't understand fundamental aspects of go
There also must grounds for impeachment. TDS doesn't count. Fantasies don't count either.
I second the dipshit description. 
We know. 
This post was crossposted to r/POLITIC by u/StillANNONin ( [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/c
I know these people are fucking stupid
He can build the wall anytime he wants using a national emergency, he’s playing the long game, he’s 
"No child left untouched." - Biden 2020
"uncle joe" is simply creepy.
I commented one time about that particular pic of Biden with that little girl. Her expression remind
Joe Biden is a pedophile.

Change my mind.
It beggars belief that 33% of Demtards actually want him to run in 2020. Trump wouldn't even need to
"Sleepy Joe. Isn't that right? No? Creepy Joe? I can't say that!"

GEOTUS at a rally (can't remember
Leaning in vs. Leaning away
Joe Biden is a \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ for $1200 Alex
Bill Clinton is a rapist.. Joe Biden is a child rapist.. #infowars.com
look at the position of the hands....Biden is all over her. Trump has his together in front of him i
I love this picture 
https://youtu.be/gJK_5DGtEbY

Kids look uncomfortable
Sniffer Biden strikes again.
It kind of helps not to sniff their hair, fondle their upper body, or press your groin up on them.
Do you think in a couple of years they'll come out and place sexual assult charges
Pedos for Biden 2020. Because age is just a number. 
Why are they both smelling her like that?
TRUST!
THE TRUTH!!! IT BURNS US!!!
I'll say this once again:

Joe Biden

1. likes kids a tad too much
2. is a member of the democratic 
Aw that pic with trump is so sweet
I love our President. 
1.71 in Louisiana today :-)
I wish. Living in PA with the highest gas tax is very wishful thinking
So the top is California 
Where is the revenue from liberal donating the money saved to the deficit???!!!
I love this shit!
I'll upvote a traffic cone in this sub. Y'all have been nice people to me since my first day here.
But my arrows are white. Why in the name of Jesus would I tarnish it and make it a colored one?
Have an upvote you Karma whore you! 
People who brigade are the ultimate losers lmfao.  
Its been really bad lately, they must have some new bot they are using. Im honestly scared guys, if 
The only brigading are the posts with brigade in the subject.
The irony is that for years now they've been using literal bots to downvote content in subreddits th
ORANGE ARROW BAD
BottomMindsofReddit are frothing at the mouth lately... But they are the main brigaders... Hit em ba
Who painted the downvote white?!
Brigade. Schmigade. Where’s that beautiful wall??? 
I'm doing my part!
They wouldn’t be brigading if they weren’t afraid of what people are saying.
But I'm from the left and don't get triggered, we're not all communist...
I'm doing my part!
brigaded, being invaded by centrist/centre left pc halfwits also, theyve finally realised the side t
Reporting for duty! 
Orange man bad.

World peace bad.

Fair trade deals bad.

Safe borders bad.
The whole point of the brigade is to hopefully* increase the time between which you can post.  It's 
When are we not being brigaded?
You have to select 'new' in the search bar.  There are loads of incoming posts that are getting down
I AM here to do my thing

I have one MEME up and down 10 clicks every time I check it. Truth sure pisses off children. 
They really are an intolerant bunch on the left
NPC Pigeon reporting for duty
Pew pew
I just love how we have no downvote arrow, so much winning!!!!!
what happened to the amazing wall building animation?
I posted something earlier and it immediately had 3 downvotes. I'll post it another time. These peop
Trumpbot, get everyone a coat!
Ironic how the left continue to force their opinion how they're saints, Republicans/the right are ch
Its so hilarious how other subs who shall not be named complain about brigading when we are the ones
Brigades have gotten heavy lately. ShariaBlue employees must be working overtime.
LOL they're getting painted gold now

Love it
Maybe we should dish them out a taste of their own medicine. Plugging r/politics.
Funny that they have to use Chrome extensions to downvote, they are too scared of getting redpilled 
Libs not "working" in the fed government have more time. Sad!
Here's an upvote!
Who organizes these brigades and why can’t we fight back with our own brigades. 
Paint it orange all day, everyday.
I see an arrow and I want it painted orange...
[removed]
It's really beyond petty and shows how immature these shitty people really are. They're consumed wit
Caught this post in my home feed. Proceeded to visit TD and upvote every post on it's front page.

K
Brave mobile is blocked by Reddit.

To upvote I have to switch browsers to Safari (● ˃̶͈̀ロ˂̶͈́)੭ꠥ⁾⁾

Holy shit the comments got hit hard, first time I've been on in time to see this. Libtards are out i
Controversial bot activate! 
Mobile has no downvote arrows for me, for A couple days now.
They even created a whole new reddit to stop the orange arrow.  The new reddit sucks really really b
Coats for every pede!!
**PRESIDENT** DONALD J. TRUMP. I just LOVE reading that.
Check out r/whitepeopletwitter
Been in there for a week and these people are not only faking their u
We are the Borg. Lower your shields and surrender your ships. We will add your biological and techno
I’ve been going on here a lot less for the past 4 months but I still try to. I used to go on here da
They win on Reddit they lose in life.

I'll take my upvotes now please
I'm firing those updoots with all she's got Capn
These Brigade posts are getting kind of old and childish.  
Sir... that’s yellow. 
START THE HELICOPTERS, HOMBRES!
I know it’s summer in Brazil, but it’s getting kind of Chile.
Trump inspired him, now hopefully he will inspire Trump.  Set up a benign government office. (Office
It's impressive how he's not backing off on this. This man fights for us. 
So glad he mentioned human traffickers, that crap needs to end. And a few years ago, I learned Super
OOOH, Did he just call the entirety of the democratic party a criminal drug dealing human trafficker
> drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals

So the Clinton Foundation then?
[Human trafficking = modern slavery](https://www.state.gov/j/tip/what/). Abe Lincoln confirmed.
I voted for a wall. I will get a wall. 
#I <3 POTUS
The shut down will eventually cost more than the Wall.  So utterly ridiculous.
It will be so beautiful when the Democrats cave on this. Such a big win! The national security reaso
We're getting the wall, The Don is seeing if the Demmunists want to come along for the ride or get l
The POTUS is awake and thinking of our safety before the sun’s up every day! What a hero!
Democrats is a party of drug dealers, sex traffickers and other criminals Mr.President, I see what y
Drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, democrats.

#SAME
But they can't because they HATE America.
And suddenly leftists no longer care about the victims of human trafficking because it would help Tr
Notice he just pointed out what the democrats really are. Drug dealing, human trafficking, criminals
>drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals

The far-left
I am gay for this man
Hey Democrats, Approve the Mother Fucking Wall!
I'm glad he lumped them together with human traffickers.

It's because they are.
If you don't support the wall, you support human sex trafficking of children and all these other evi
Been saying this for ages. You can’t be against a wall unless your pro rape, pro gun violence, pro o
>"something which everyone, other than drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, want very badl
I am glad The President is not backing down on this.  If you don't have a border, you don't have a s
yes, but democrats are [...,....,....].    
Just look at John Podesta and Tony Podesta!
They spend about $150,000,000,000 on undocumented immigrants a year, right?

That's about enough to:
Why would dems fund the wall when our money is better spent on abortions?! God, Drumpf, you're such 
The only thing imo that could have made this tweet better would have been to add something along the
He just called them criminals lol. 

"Only drug dealers, human traffickers, and criminals" dont want
"..other than drug dealers, human traffickers, and criminals,..."  A.K.A. democrats.
democrats, drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals don't want border security

anyone else cat
The Art of the Deal
That is their voters.
By saying the only people who don't want a wall are human traffickers, drug dealers, and murderers, 
Trump, you played yourself, Democrats are criminals. 
I love that this tweet is a Kafka trap aimed at the Leftists.
$5 billion is but a rounding error in the spend happy halls of Congress. I think he should be asking
"All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall), something which everyone, o
so other than the clinton/obama/bush/cia cartel?
Man is stubborn as an ox. Got to appreciate that. 
Nice tweet I love it 
We "can't fund" our own government, but we can send money to other countries? 
Seriously just declare national emergency, build the wall with military and military budget, do it w
The purpose fo the democrats is to destroy the United States through immigration and stay in power i
This shutdown standoff is going to be awesome. We're soon going to learn what services and agencies 
Real question here, what's going to stop illegal immigrants from catching a $110 flight on Southwest
[removed]
Yes but they won't be cause they want more  low IQ easy to manipulate welfare dependent third worlde
Keep it closed!
It would be easy to do but it's a game of chicken at this point.
He has made it about this one issue that we all agree on.  The Dems cannot straw man it.  
Democrats don't care about border security, they need to replace the population with brown people wh
You know the minority of the population support the wall, with that being said you must be implying 
What would this wall actually achieve? Will it be impossible to climb? Too high to fling something o
[deleted]
[deleted]
Correction:

It is easier to strike a deal with *one* communist dictator then it is to strike a deal
Amen.  He didn't even offer anything in return to the communist dictator.
Kim Jong wants what's best for himself and/or NK. That's somewhat complatible with us wanting what's
Dems are actual Communists.
Communist dictators have more morals.
I go to school with many far leftists. When they don't just tell in my face some ask me how I could 
Very right and very true. It's because Democrats have the privilege to do what they do and the North
What’s the difference?
Twist: They're all communists. The Korean guy just knows firsthand how much it actually sucks.
Pretty sure Kim knows who the war monggers are!
This might as well read "it was easier making a deal with this one particular communist than with ot
If Obama had played this angle against the Republicans when he had the chance, he might have had muc
“Communist Democrats” FTFY
That’s because Pelosi and Schumer are a globalist gate keepers
Sadly. We can’t threaten to nuke the Democrats. 
Trumps deals appeal more to ruthless dictators than they do to Democrats. Though, the ice seems to m
I honestly don't know the difference between the two
Probably because Donald's values are more in line with a dictator's than a democrat's
[removed]
What kind of deal did we make with Ocasio-Cortez (Dictator of Long Island).
If the old swamp dems could murder all of Congress and seize power in the name of Soros they would i
I don't see the difference 
I can’t believe those libturds won’t support the US tax payers paying for the concrete Wall versus M
An actual Communist dictator, as opposed to wannabe Communist dictators. 
Democrats hate America 
Huh.  Almost like principled people can somehow come to an understanding while these scheming rats f
Touché 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
He should repost this himself. It would be great. 
Well, Democrats are practically Communist wannabe usurpers. 
The picture needs to say,

“It was easier to strike a deal with a communist dictator, than it is wit
What's the difference? 
Because the democrats are communists trying-to-become-dictators.  It's like a teething tolder, there
Chuck Schumer really grinds my gears. That whole fence/wall thing he said was retarded. He knows he 
#WTF I LOVE WARS AND HATE WORLD PEACE NOW!
Communists can at least run a government...  Besides acting, the World is still looking for somethin
Trump is life
That’s because Trump seems to love dictators!
>Strike a deal with a communist dictator

... When did Trump make a deal with Bernie Sanders?
So I honestly haven't had the time to find a reliable source for this. What's the tl;dr for this ach
Chuck and Nancy doing Satan's work, as usual.
BS
So he gets to wear a blue dress? I dont want to know anything about that stain though...
It should be reflected in congress pay. They all should be lowered accordingly.  A shutdown is a fai
This isn’t about money - that much is obvious.  The dems want open borders and to deny Trump one of 
This needs a sticky.
They don't care how much it costs as long as the border stays open.
Sorry, how does a shutdown use money? And $10B wasted in a few weeks?  I know our government is craz
[Trump said something different earlier ](https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/365903717930762
Man, I’m jealous of that Nightmare, that’s the next gun I’m gonna buy that my fiancée TOTALLY knows 
That SiG is pretty!  😛
Freedom boner 
Note that although part of this may be due to rising minimum wages in some states, the fact that the
The best jobs President god ever created!
To be fair, socialism has never really be tried (or so I was told by a libtard in Portland about 20 
It’s like his asshole is saying, “...that wasn’t true socialism.”
Haha 
From what I’ve seen, most wouldn’t survive in the private sector 
I've said this before, maybe this is more about small government than a wall.
How will America survive without bloated Federal agencies?
I have many acquaintances that are non essential government workers. They think they are entitled to
Trump should say:

"what's more important do you think?  The family who lost their daughter going fo
It certainly is an excellent way to quickly cut 25% of government spending - permanently. I’ve been 
Why do the federal workers deserve a safety net? There was no safety net for the oil field workers w
I know I'm quite concerned about overlords not getting paid. Because, as you know, they'd move heave
One can hope

And there is a safety net we all pay into. 

https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight
EOD pede here and I work for DHS. My group is a hard ass working group of Bomb techs with families. 
We can quit but not take a second job without approval. So... Yeah 
>HAPPENING 4d chess

No. No federal worker is going to leave their job when they get back pay for do
Boohoo federal workers. As the number of bureaucrats and their wages go up, the standards of living 
Womp Womp 
I said this the other day and everyone here downvoted me
I'm just hoping it goes on long enough that Mueller gets shut down. Since Justice is one of the effe
Most are not legally allowed to take outside employment during a furlough if it conflicts with their
I was pondering this also.
All the border agents and officers are furloughed, what happens if they all leave to the private sec
There are plenty of parasites to replace any of them that leave 
Why doesn't President Trump point out the real reasons the Democrats oppose the wall? There are seve
Just think of all the money being saved by not being open. 
Government jobs are just welfare
Fuck outta here. They never heard of unemployment and foodstamps like the rest of america? They can 
i hope so. fuck the federal gov't and their outsize pay and fat pensions and them working day in day
LET'S NOT FORGET - most of the new jobs during Obama's term during the economic downturn were govern
Air traffic controllers are lazy?
I'm curious as to what "lies" President Trump has supposedly made. He hasn't. More propaganda b.s.
I tried to read the article and couldn't. It's labeled as an opinion piece and really gives several 
(In announcers voice like at Kiss concert) 
You wanted the best, you got the best. the greatest dom 
He also gave  her Herpes, Chlamydia and Hepatitis A!
Why some many Jim Carrey post tonight? Did he drive another innocent girl to suicide?
😂

And yes, yes he did. 
He DROVE her to suicide. Got her to do it herself so he could tell himself he’s blameless. 
Dayyum 
He's definitely on my "can't watch again" list, along with Deniro and many other douchebags.
He peaked on In Living Color. Just like Will Ferrell peaked on SNL. 
[https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3803335/Jim-Carrey-gave-ex-girlfriend-STDs-triggering-suic
No. She was manic depressive and killed herself. 
I can't wait to have someone explain to me why calling the Southern Border "very dangerous" is a whi
The Democrats somehow think that entrenching themselves against Trump on the single issue that won h
Looks like supporters got the first 2 replies on that one! http://magaimg.net/img/6z50.jpg https://a
"Teams negotiating this weekend"

**THE WALL IS COMING**
If our Southern Border doesn’t constitute a National Security issue - I don’t know what does. Let th
CNN is also "reporting" fake as shit news

>President  Donald Trump told congressional leaders durin
I voted for a wall. I will get a wall.
Why does he Lie so much bout the Border?  According to CNN, only Doctors, Nurses, Teachers, and Phys
Pay 75% NATO budget: no problem

Build the wall: big problem

never understand American
The last 2.5 years the left could not go 5 minutes with out saying “trump dumb!” And here we are - h
So proud that Trump hasn’t caved on this like George Bush did with his “no new taxes” pledge.  The p
Has President Trump mentioned anything about the go fund me for the wall? 
The dems aren't used to dealing with someone that won't cave in to their agenda. Thank you Mr. Presi
Encountered an SJW today. Announced she was a proponent of open borders. I asked her, Do you lock yo
The man is a genius. 
We need a conservative version of that website that won't push a communist agenda. So tired of the i
(To put it mildly)! Love POTUS
its insane that NEWS station meant to tell the truth are smear machines and weapons against their ow
Imagine if Jeff Bezos  is allowing  fake shit to run on Wapo, what is really going in behind the sce
Chad Pergram tweet one hour ago:  
"Congressional ldrshp aides to meet with Pence, Mulvaney, Nielsen
Our CBP Officers AND Pedes everywhere say, "Build it!"
Been hearing this for weeks and still nothing.  Friggin thing should have been built a year ago.
Three to the one from the one to the three  
I met a bad bitch last night in the D  
Let me tell you
It's okay to remove Cubans by any means necessary because they vote Republican /s
If that happened in 2019 that kid would have a go fund me page and be a multimillionaire already.
That kid wasn’t illegal, he was from Cuba as soon as he hit dry land he was legal.
Could you imagine the outrage if POTUS did this!? Lol 
In fairness to Bill, he was too busy raping and dickin bimbos to know what was going on...
Just so the story is straight.  His mother drowned bringing him here, this is a relative holding him
I remember that.  Clinton was a shit bag for letting that happen.  As I recall Reno gave the order.
How does such a perfect picture of this moment exist? Seriously, who was standing there with a profe
[removed]
This is how it should be done.  Seal the border and go house to house rounding them up.  Hell, id of
Holy shit I was just thinking about this story the other day.. remember when it was all over the new
The modern left has no place in America, get the fuck out.
So much wrong info in this meme. Wow.
Just keep sucking Monica
Isn't that the same swat guy in that meme where the guy is hiding up in the cabinet?
And Eric Holder!
Not troops.... BORTAC.... Hillary sent Border Patrols special operations team to take him from his f
MP5s are sick 

Check out that trigger discipline tho!
It wasn't the father arms. It was some unknown relative 

 Elian Gonzalez was kidnap and sent into t
I remember when this happened, kid should have stayed, fleeing literal communism has always been a v
[deleted]
Why would any state be a part of the U.S. if they had no say in federal government?  The electoral c
Idiots who want to abolish the EC are essentially saying they want to turn the United States into th
I wouldn't worry about the libs taking away the ec. That would require amending the constitution  (1
"All states are equal, it's just that some states are more equal than others." - Democrats
So let's let CA and NY determine the results of ALL our elections??  Take CA out of the mix and Hill
Our country was designed to have a weak federal government with strong state governments (except for
How many states have a population less than the ILLEGALS that voted in CA? 


 About 20.
Reminder: the 2020 census is what the democrats will use to seize power.  They are pushing for mass 
The sad part is those calling to abolish the EC do not understand why it exists because they were ne
Cockroaches love to mass together.
Democrats these days fundamentally do not believe in statehood. Same with national sovereignty.
And LA County is filled with illegals, who can vote in California. The Dems are happy to steal a pre
If you ask me, the rural people should have more representation, and I don’t even live in any of tho
Wow! How many people live in LA County?
The states and electoral college function like units of [protected memory](https://en.wikipedia.org/
People who want to abolish Electoral College don't know a damn thing about American History. Smaller
We all know damn well that if Trump won popular vote but lost electoral college the dems would be pr
I'm thinking this is the issue that will start electric boogaloo
Not to mention that rigging the national popular vote is way easier than trying to rig the electoral
I fixed your graphic to be more accurate:

The Democrat difference in votes in Los Angeles County ou
“Yeah but those states are full of regressive deplorables and their votes shouldn’t count.”
Sorry OP but this map would have looked way better in red!

And more accurate, too :)
Why do we keep calling them 'elites'. They are retards, not elite at all.
There’s no point in even wasting time thinking about this. They’d need a *lot* more votes than they’
The Democrats are playing "what Amendment should we beat our heads against today"?  They threw a dar
The greatest argument in keeping the EC is that it prevented the most corrupt person who ever ran fo
Funny how the population centers are also loci for illegal aliens
LA county is only 10.2 million.   Louisiana alone is 4.68 million (2017 according to Alexa).  I do n
Firs perfectly in line with the general thought process of the left. 

"It's so hard to understand w
And half of the people in Los Angeles weren't born in America
And Los Angeles county is the 2nt biggest city in Mexico
The EC means that whoever wants to rule the entire country needs to appeal to the majority of the co
The Electoral College means California can run up the score with illegal voting all they want, and i
Yep, today’s radicalized left hate the idea that an American president should appeal to the majority
Best example is to pretend the United Nations is based on each Nations population. All the sudden pe
One thing that needs to change though: illegal aliens have generally been counted in the electoral c
People only complain about the EC when their candidate looses. 
Yes, because without the Electoral College, among other compromises, they would have never joined th
Nj has a bigger pop then the county of los angles by about 5 million
If people don’t like the geographical representation of the electoral college, then let’s get rid of
NC has larger population and that’s the only one I checked as I live here.
Little do dems realize but it takes 38 states to agree to amend the constitution and by doing so wou
North Carolina has 10.27 million, L.A county has 10.16 million. 
The electoral college prevents Democratic cities from manufacturing a couple extra million votes and
This isn't accurate at all...
We all saw the reaction to the Kavanaugh hearings. Protesters taking to the streets declaring the ma
The reality is that citizens should have never been given the right to vote directly for president o
Okay first of all LA County's population is like 10 million. Thats like the population of just North
Mexico Norte, aka LA County, votes for gov tit handouts in droves - would lead to Venezuela 2.0
The forefathers knew what they were doing.
Their dreams of getting rid of EC are just dreams, it goes against the constitution and founding fat
Step 1: create city

Step 2: raise taxes/regulations, destroy employment. Create hordes of helpless 
Abolishing the EC brings us back to “taxation without representation”. Everyone knows what happened 
Without the electoral college we would have Clinton.

Enough said.
I feel as if I’m at peak 2019 already. I was on redacted and I was reading over and over from npcs t
I mean it totally doesn't give them the SAME voice. It dilutes LA, which means more people have less
I believe NC and GA have surpassed LA County in population. Doesn’t take away from your point but ju
It’s a great point, but perhaps the EC could be changed so that the % of popular vote for each state
While I whole heartedly agree with this picture, I think NC and GA need to be white.  I was just cur
I can't seem to find it, but there was a map I saw once that showed the fewest counties it would tak
Population density.
See that little red dot? You need to declare independence from them. Give them their own flag and a 
Ask them if they care about minorities. Because abolishing the EC crushes the choice and voice of th
So that’s why dems want to do away with it lol. 
California would be the capitol from the Hunger Games.
It is also a key part of the REPUBLICAN form of government guaranteed us in article 4 of our constit
Precisely this.

Plus LA County's votes shouldn't even count in any federal election since that shit
Lose Texas to the Communists and we'll be screwed either way.
Yeah, it worth mentioning that growing up in Alaska without the electoral college, it would be worth
Just tell the NPCs that the EC is something like ‘ranked voting’, which is a buzzword giving communi
Coastal shits holes .
Exactly. If the whole country was run the way LA was.... God help us
We need to implement the Electoral college on a state level along with the term limits
While true the title is misleading.  The area in red does not have the same population as the entire
Can we just Los Angles county out of the Union? ( and SanFran too).

It would solve a lot.
I love this, I'M all for 1 person 1 vote! Go EC!
Nothing is going to happen to the electoral college based on this bill because it's not a constituti
Congress is up and arms because they literally have no prosecution power what so ever, So they make 
Trump is life!
We need the EC otherwise smaller States would leave the Union.  
Simple really.
Next thing you know, they want to abolish the Senate since sparsely populated states like Vermont an
When the DNC takes Texas we will need popular vote. 
Why are all the states blue?
Watch how fast they reverse course if the mid west cuts off their food and stops paying taxes, hell 
iTs NoT oUr FauLt thEy LIvE tHEre! tHeY ShOUld JuSt MOoOvE tO bIg cItIes
You can't make a reasonable argument for "popular vote" when illegal immigrants are clearly voting i
Great argument, rock solid but wording isnt perfect...  need to reword to make totally clear who "th
The founding fathers knew the kind of degenerate, parasitic shit heads that tend to gravitate toward
[deleted]
Well, after LA goes submarine post-earthquake, the whole picture will change.
Only problem I have with the EC is it gives to much power to the swing States. But, I still can't co
I completely agree, though I'm 100% sure that there are more than 4 million people in the blue state
So true....
I'd be willing to bet that at least a good third or so of the people that no longer want the elector
And they produce all the food! Based patriots. Somebody get all these patriots some coats!
I’m surprised New Jersey and Massachusetts have a lower pop. than LA county.
The key tenet to the electoral colleges is that the people are not electing the president, the state
Well... the idea was a limited federal government which protected the autonomy and sovereignty of ea
The red is Hillary's America.
The House is elected roughly in line with the population.  The Senate is elected two-per-state.  (Yo
LGBLT's are underrepresented in Topeka, KS and Guam. Every minute that passes without 100% equality 
Not only this but without it the smaller states would have not even joined the union when the countr
The same can be said for counties within individual States. Want less extremist legislation? Pass th
Exactly, equality of land > equality of people!
That is nuts!
Land doesn’t vote. People do. 
I’m for the EC as it is part of founders plan for the country and I understand the fear of faction, 
You know it. I know it. Everybody knows it. 
I think this chart is a little misleading, or other commenters are reading it wrong. This is saying 
I thought this was a post to say why we should abolish it. It's a small percentage of people holding
The left: All for the minority, unless it doesn't fit our agenda.
Not even the same voice, just *some* voice.
Leftists are morons
What's the population difference if you take out the illegals?
Some of these states don’t have a smaller population though if the census didn’t count and give elec
Democrats love diversity until it comes to the Amerian populace and the diverse needs the many diffe
What a wild world it would be where the majority of the population makes the majority of the decisio
I'm not american but I don't understand some things here.

" Costal elites" does that mean that ever
its really scary that many liberals I explain this to do not understand this and want to abolish the
Jesus; Ten million miserable souls crammed into an area the size of Rhode Island. Fuck that. 
Yeah this is a terrible argument because you're saying that empty land should have voting rights.  I
This graphic isn't accurate but the message is true.
But the man himself said it's a disaster.

&#x200B;

[https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/266
Popular vote is just tyranny of the majority.
I love that you are pandering to Trump's base by assuming they are idiots who can't count. As with m
[removed]
Why do big states have less per-population representation than small states in the federal governmen
But in a popular vote scenario location doesn't matter at all. It wouldn't give some areas more powe
This may be an unpopular opinion, but personally I feel that elections should just be based on popul
In other words, if you live in boise idaho yoyr vote should count more than if you live in LA? Why i
nah i think each persons vote should be equal
Just cut off ALL federal funds to these cities, make it apart of the emergency executive order.
There are laws on the books, they NEED to be enforced.
It hurts all Americans that want to stay here and not flee with their wealth.
Open borders hurts EVERYONE
It’s also called a shithole
🌶👌
lmao clever
Comedy gold
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Trump may not be his president but Justin Trudeau is definitely his Prime Minister.
Will she give Harvard a discounted refund?
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2018/10/16/elizabeth-warren-was-celebrated-as-first-woman-of-colo
https://www.politico.com/blogs/burns-haberman/2012/05/fordham-piece-called-warren-harvard-laws-first
Everyone allowed this woman to live a lie except Donald Trump. The media even criticized Trump for p
Pow wow chow!
*High cheekbones!*
Wow. Way to bury the lead CNN. Headline should read "I am not a person of color.": Elizabeth Warren 
[removed]
When are they going to get it? He is smarter than they are.

It’s almost funny. 
lol
The media doesn’t shape my opinion anymore. Hasn’t for years. It’s just incoherent background babbli
"So, Mr. Epstein...can you tell us what was destroyed on the island?"

"Evidence."

"I'm sorry?"

"O
One of the underground sex dungeon slaves escaped this was the attempt to get help.
SW corner is where he has his little satanic temple. Can only hope we dropped a MOAB on it during a 
Not anymore
Cruella deVil is more coherent than Pelosi.
I knew she reminded me of someone, I just couldn't remember who. Perfect. Keep the puppies away from
I can see her killing puppies. Not for fur or anything--just to kill puppies.
Wow, the resemblance; both looks and attitude. 
That’s where I’ve seen her!!
Can someone link me the one of Schumer looking like a Disney villain?
She’s just like the ATF
Gun to my head, I'd rather do DeVille.
 She could cut the heads off puppies and they wouldn't know they were bleeding.
Cryin chuck looks like every evil villain rolled into one 
Kek
Dude your awesome keep it up pure gold.
Ahahahahahaha! Well done
He even looks vaguely like a terrified Mitt Romney in that picture.
You're killing me...too spicy.
Maybe he hopes he can drive som of US to suicide?  🤔
No we don't.
“A fool and his money are soon parted.”

Let them
Burn through all their 2020 cash with this nonsense
Stop. You are a shill for outrage. Bring impeachment on now rather than right against 2020. Once the
6 million people want him impeached.   Which is,  not very many people.
You’re kidding right? 

67

Votes

In

The

Senate

(Not gonna happen)
 Middle America is prospering from the Trump economy and lower income people are being lifted out of
lol
Impeachment couldn’t come quick enough in my opinion. Let it out this year so every one knows what t
This guy is a loon. Or he is trying to get wrote offs for taxes. I’m leaning to the first one. 
https://youtu.be/Gc1AcX408sM
Did she have a stroke? Why does she speak so slowly? Couldn’t get past a minute! 
If anything, they can’t ignore the human trafficking thing.  Or can they?
That's just what they caught. Imagine how many thousands of gang members make it through every year?
Why is child sex trafficking never mentioned specifically? They are not only smuggling them in, ille
Nancy Pelosi does not believe your facts.
[deleted]
AND THESE ARE JUST THE PEOPLE/THINGS THAT WE **CAUGHT**
Democrat traitors support human traffickers.
How many children, sick, and elderly have to die of exhaustion and dehydration before the left suppo
How can anyone not want to stop this?
Fair those who like math... 4657.53 pounds of narcotics crossing the border every day (on average). 
[Human trafficking = modern slavery](https://www.state.gov/j/tip/what/). Abe Lincoln confirmed [agai
Every person arrested after coming here illegally has a criminal record.
It's time for him to make a television appearance to the American people.
Without the federally-subsidized illegal drug industry, the economies of Democrat inner cities would
Well, Nancy doesn't believe these facts, even though they came from a government agency. 
If you're not serious about border security, then you're not serious about child rape
No, this isn't right, r/politics assures me everyone trying to enter the US from Mexico is a super h
Sound like good, hard working people - cuckacrats
Guess all that isn’t worth giving those border patrol and DEA officers a 1.9% cost of living increas
Democrats running on:

Abolishing the electoral college,
70%+ taxes,
Serving longer terms &
Impeachm
&#x200B;

Seems like we also need term limits in gov agencies as well.  IRS, FBI, CIA, etc.  

&#x20
How many people rise to the level of a CEO or Head Surgeon and then remain in that position for 30-4
Presidency has term limits. Gubernatorial has term limits. Why not have term limits on those that wr
Don't understand  the logic of how we can have term limits for Presidents but not Congress.

I don't
They should include term limits (max years of service) for staffers too. 
Without term limits, we basically have tenure in government, which has created such a toxic intellec
You are correct! Fuck you deepstate! 
I can play; 5 reasons to oppose term limits:

1. Enable corruption

2. Ensure the elitist ruling cla
I like the "FixGov" heading. Very Orwellian.
Agree with term limits but as a part of overall reform that includes campaign finance and the actual
Career politicians are a problem but I think Dems would win if we had to play the fresh face game. T
Wow. This is Pure propaganda. 
It is absolutely important that we limit terms and take money out of politics
Limit the damage. Limit the insanity. Limit the morons from destroying our country.
Interesting, they don't seem to be against presidential term limits...
Went to read the article, it really is full of fawning ingratiation to established politicians.

Ter
Term limits mean politicians will actually have to act. No more endless campaigning on the same prom
In my opinion it would be easier to corrupt new politicians. They would just create a revolving door
I don't personally support term limits, because every once in awhile you get a good public servant a
Don't kid yourself.  

Bathhouse Barry was a 1st term senator who'd been groomed for the Presidency 
Repeal the 17th and it'd be even more difficult 
If there had been no amendment for Presidental term limits, ask yourself what President following Ro
I’m curious, what are their 5 reasons
* X is bad - here's what to think....

* Y is raycis [...]

* Z in [current year]? I feel sick and a
Politicians dont want term limits either...political theater is all it is.
Why would the powerful vote to give up their own power? Career politicians are a disease on society.
1-5: Orange man bad and Ted Cruz bad.
I don’t want congressional term limits 
There will never be term limits. They won't knowingly kneecap their power. The only way is Article V
BINGO. It's amazing to see all this new blood coming in.... and they are running wild and haven't be
By that logic - having only one term is better than a limited few. 

One and done. No selling votes 
Terms limits is the biggest anti corruption mechanism you can have.
I oppose Brookings for not being able to keep the proportions of their images correct. 
Why on earth did you post a screenshot and not a link dduuddee
To be honest, it would make staff and lobbyists hugely powerful, as new members would arrive without
There is NO reason to oppose term limits. Period. 
We needed term limits like a fortnite ago
Not just democrats,  both sides are controlled opposition to eachother. At least in the last 60 year
...Foreign and Domestic...
Statue doesn't even look like him. It's propaganda to make him look more manly than he ever has in r
How TF we elect a Ebony Manlet to the Presidency??? 
This is fake news
How come they made the ears so tiny?
Someone actually made a statue of big Mike's hebitch.
This could happen. Someone just has to write a bigger cheque than Soros.
That doesn’t even look like Obongo, body is way too big, ears AREN’T big enough, and his facial feat
Comment comentcommenttttty
This is true. I find I know so much now that is relevant and wins discussions regularly. 
I can hear Ultimate Battle playing in my head whenever a Leftist tries to debate. 
Truth!
Islamisfuckingcancerforever
Garbage religion practiced by savage trash people 
Is is is
Islam is Islam
Is lam is is lam
Is lam is lam
Isis is lame
Structural engineering is racist. 

Everyone Knows That^^TM
>hey, that building you live in might collapse during an earthquake. So, be safe. Maybe think about 
Haven't noticed a difference yet.

http://magaimg.net/img/6z5d.png
So I really believe now that Trump is some 4d chess playing time lord. I'm a dual status military te
Shower thought: if you shut down a bunch of offices and no one notices, maybe you don't actually nee
People can take their own trash with them when they leave the state parks.
Government doesn’t create wealth it destroys it. Legitimately no one I know gives a shit.
Make the layoffs permanent. Start cutting non essential government employees. 
My roads literally dissapeared and neighbors died for the 3rd time after net neutrality and tax cuts
Haven't even run across anyone that's even been talking about it. No one cares. Shutdowns are meanin
It has my Market Facilitation Program checks tied up, which for me are close to $20,000 of money goi
I have noticed a huge impact that effects me daily.  The traffic is so much better. My commute is 20
They'll keep taking taxes but won't issue any refunds... I'm sure people will notice then
Unless you work for or with the government in some capacity this has no influence whatsoever.

Got d
Do you work in the government?  Because then you would be effected, if not you obviously wouldn't be
I don’t get why some Lobertarians are against Trump? I’m a hardcore Libertarian and Trump is probabl
And nothing of value was lost.
Any time we hear about a shutdown in recent years, all I can think is,  "Don't threaten me with a go
Yesterday CNN was parading around an elderly, female, black janitor who can’t pay her bills because 
Good. Keep it shut down forever. They are nonessential employees remember. 
This could be the new normal. If this goes on for months, even years, your country will come to real
I hope we see a resurgence of volunteerism too.
Was out having a beer with a buddy last night after work. I was talking to him at the bar as the fem
It's gonna be funny when Anderson Cooper and others stop " reporting" because they're only in it for
There's probably a blizzard of (unfunded) memos flying around urging that use of the embarrassing ph
my family hasnt noticed a difference either
Proof that Massive parts of the federal government are a complete waste of time and money... doing n
My taxes aren't a charity. If my taxes are paying someones salary and their stopping working doesnt 
I've noticed that the government is closed but they're still taking my taxes. What gives? 
When you realize there’s no difference when the non-essential government agencies are shut down:

Wh
If they take money out of your paycheck the government isn’t closed
Do the people who process tax refunds qualify as “essential?”

Those are probably the only ones I ca
Maybe it’s time to truly assess what government jobs we really do need versus moving things more to 
Just wait until air traffic controllers stop going to work. I’m sure you’ll think its hilarious then
Drain the swamp!
Slash it.... Slash it!
Schumer and Pelosi are just being petty at this point and anyone with common sense can see it. They 
Isn’t that guy a thing liberal? At least his character is hilarious. 
Stop! I can only get so erect!
“Let me get this straight: they’re going to pay us and we don’t have to actually do anything? Isn’t 
Shows how irrelevant at least 25% of the federal government actually is.
Isn't the coast guard not getting paid? At least that's what i've heard.  Don't pitchfork me
My hard working cousin is enjoying the time off.
It sucks that many people are going without paychecks, but this government shutdown really shows how
The Democrats know it doesn't make a difference. That's why they're stalling. They don't care.

&#x2
We can just fire 90% of the people not working now. They aren't needed.
1) How many "non essential" people will seek private sector employment if this drags along?

2) How 
Coast Guards not getting paid right now unless it opens back up, so it does effect some people who a
I died because of the shut down. MSNBC told me I died, so it has to be true.
Kinda sucks because I work in an area with a ton of govt employees but- it’s worth it for border sec
I love the reduction in traffic around DC. Other than, everything around the area is working just fi
I have a friend who works for the government.  He doesn't give two shits, he gets time off and will 
In my country we had fake news RTL talk about it and they interviewed a women who said she is not ge

I’m a pilot and know a lot of air traffic controllers that are affected. It’s real and people will 
You aren't one of the many federal workers who are not getting payed now, and are not guaranteed to 
We'll see if you feel that way when you don't get your tax return next month, dumbfuck. 
As someone who is waiting on the ATF to process my $200 infringement tax to exercise my constitution
Really makes you think just how much of the federal government we need in the first place.
Uuuhhh... Have you been to a national park? Poop everywhere. Literally. On the streets. 
Would Trump declaring the US into a state of emergency to build the wall end the shutdown or no? 
Most of those people shut down are democrats. Maybe they'll quit, and that will help drain the swamp
everyones just bitching about how the parks are closed.
Lies, I noticed a lot less traffic near the fed center.  Its great. 
Anyone who works for the government knows why they work there. Because they can never be fired. Well
We're starting to see just how "necessary" our bloated fat government really is.
If it goes on long all of the essential DHS employees working without pay right now will be forced t
Ya we currently look like a 3rd world country right now with no running government.  Better hope the
Seriously? We’re denying how bad this shutdown is?  
  
My father’s work friend got his papers stole
This actor is a cuck. Stop using him.
I rely on USDA housing loans to make a living. Hope this is resolved soon. 
You won't. It's federal employees and welfare leeches that will feel it. Everyone else is good.

EDI
Make it years
If someone claims they had no idea this would happen they are lying to everyone including themselves
It might actually be great that they took the house. Now they have to run with the ball of crazy shi
\*Correction= Their Wheels were never on, Dems thought they were old, Medieval Technology.
Dems are truly evil!
The story
http://archive.vn/Ar9gm

TLDR:
The Quest Diagnostics test belonging to 'Jose Lopez' and fi
Eating his mind!
Herpes, Chlamydia and Hepatitis A....Nasty FUCK, must have been doing Crack Hoes
Disease carrier
It really has changed how we all interact with each other.  And not for the better.  
Thanks, Al.  
Towering Intellect meme for the win, Take my upvote you beautiful erudite bastard 
Loser
I’m shocked./s
 Cockroach. 
Exactly why she needs removed. 
What a pig! It’s one thing to use profanity in private conversation, but not on a national forum. Wh
Impeach that motherfucker.  The trump curse may get her too.  
They also installed Rooftop North Koreans, the slightly less based version of Rooftop Korean America
Equinsu ocha
***BUMBLE BEE TUNA***
I don't even want taxpayers to fund abortion here, why the fuck are we paying for other countries ab
How is this woman still in office?
>because.......

Because Moloch demands sacrifice.
That’s actually a great attack line
Hm, do abortions in her and her groups context potentially mean targeting orphanages in poor countri
[removed]
"Foreign Entities" NOT countries, this is a Soros pay out.
This reminds me of this gold from Daddy himself:

https://i.imgur.com/SUinDFh.jpg


...Because the Democrats want this beautiful country to become the United States of Mexico.
Since she passed it does it now go to the Senate for a vote? 

Surely this will get slapped down.  R
I do not want Americans to pay for abortions in other countries. Or here, for that matter. President
Do they have some sort of quid pro quo with Lucifer? Slaughter babies in exchange for demonic assist
.... because foreign elites need to harvest baby organs too.
Citizens need to know where this money is going. When I see useless spending like this I have to que
Jesus. Can we just stop pissing money away literally everywhere else? Feed out hungry children, clot
#VETOOOOOOO
Because this country is so irreversibly fucked up 
democrats funding the murder of minorities in their ethnic majority homelands.
We dont need foreign abortions what we need is people in shithole countries not reproducing if they 
It took me a long time to realize that these people don't love abortion because of women's rights.  
It's gonna be 2 years of this crazy bat shit!  Thank GOD we've got the Senate! Expect a complete fre
It's a cult of Death. If we pass laws that they can't kill our children, they will outsource it like
Didnt some dumbass supporting DACA says every person has a right to life....like someone from a pro 
Hero. 
Demon possessed 
Think about this. If the GOP establishment did it's job we wouldn't be talking about Nancy Pelosi as
Good thing is, they can make all these silly bills but it doesn't mean they will all pass the senate
And why should we be shocked?
Did it pass the Senate and Trump?? Is that how America works, sorry, I'm still learning.
I mean, when you think about it giving Somalia money for abortions now means fewer refugees in 20 ye
This is one of the dirty "secrets" at USAID. We fund abortions in foreign nations to keep down their
Organ and tissue malfeasance on the black market in the third world is NOT where our tax dollars sho
democrats are not interested in what is best for Americans.
How fucking evil are these people? I mean, Democrats are out of their fucking minds
Won't this just be like the previous Republican controlled Congress during Obama? They will pass all
They are fighting vigorously against a wall because they know that walls work. If it didn't work, th
Don't be surprised, this is what your governments have been doing for generations. Using your money 
Par for the course
She’s pandering to her California base where families of illegals provide them with safe harbor. Thi
What the actual fuck america :o
\#DemPriorities
This type of stuff is why democrats shoot this guy.
They can't illegally enter the country if they are never born.

The wall isn't hardcore enough for P
https://youtu.be/6eltYwqiBJc 
#HERE'S WHAT I DON'T GET

Why are they so in favor of babies being killed by doctors, in clinics? Wh
It's cheaper to abort them now than to pay their welfare when they sneak in later. Thanks Nancy, ver
Why didn't trump just throw paul ryan out on his ass 2 fucking years ago? we wouldn't have to deal w
This tweet is what happens when you combine mental gymnastics and fear mongering
Gee I wonder where those baby parts go...

NANCY
Pelosi is preemptively trying to keep them from crossing the border you guys
Maybe this is Pelosi saying she wants there to be less foreigners?
And the Senate approved It? 
Alright, I understand Pelosi's logic somewhat. Foreigners invading the country en masse are more lik
There is so much we can do to help foreign countries *when it's necessary*, but funding abortions wo
Children’s blood on the hands of the American taxpayer...

#WORLDWIDE

No Pelosi, I want my hard ear
Because they harvest stem cells for huge profits. Profits that don’t come back to the US !
[deleted]
Pelosi, and most Commierats don't give a shit about this country. They despise it's greatness and sp
At the very end-we are the collateral damage she is talking about

&#x200B;

https://youtu.be/4i0d2-
That's one way to keep them out I guess 🤷‍♂️
Fucking insanity! 
At least she is killing illegals.
Because the dunning-kruger-crats literally need to sacrifice human children to the god of human self
Those foreign countries must be doing something else with all that abortion money.  Look at all fore
Paul Ryan's was one of the best - why are we borrowing money from China to then give to China as aid
Abortion is the great sacrament of the church of liberalism. When are we going to defund the infanti
[deleted]
‪Must Read: https://www.reddit.com/r/QAnon_Clues/comments/actm6a/the_great_awakening_enjoy_the_show_
Our very own u/BasedMedicalDoctor, ladies and gentlemen.   A fine pede.
"I reject your facts!!"
lOgIC iS fOr lOsERS 

I legit thought to be a lefty you must be unaware of your self but no.. They a
I saw this idiot in another post. Pure vitriol. Chances are it's a paid shill meant to get people wo
The progressive left are misologist. 
Guy probably works in a vape shop
#LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WE GOT EM.
> logic is for losers

If I could go back in time to Ancient Greece and bring tidings and proof of m
I promise you that isn't a real person. Paid online shill/agitator. 
Well duh my fifi are impORtAnT
The stupid fuck actually said that an attack on an individual is an attack on free speech....     fr
They're scared of facts and statistics because they tend to support the right. 
"Pedantic" cries the pedant moonbat. Their projection has reached such critical mass that it's pract
You really wanna see today's Democratic party? Take a guy (real conversation) who is white, attempti
The time for righteous slaughter is nigh
Looking at his profile he is definitely a troll. No one is that retarded...well maybe. 
Basedmedicaldoctor not only posts on redacted , they are his clients as well !! ( psychiatric patien
>Logic is for pedantic **virgin losers**.

Ah, yes.  A classic leftist tactic.  Attack the person's 
How do we satirize the Left when nothing is absurd as what they literally believe?
I wonder if half of the most deranged posters are actual, unironic bots

Consider this:

https://arc
Logic is not politically correct. Anyone daring to use logic against Democrat Narratives must be sen
Humans can tend to be very illogical 🖖 
"stereotypw"
Post-Modernism in all it’s glory.
Pretty sure wagesnotcages is a troll account. This is the 3rd time I've seen the name this week post
So cool and illogical. Dumb is good! Reeee!
"Virgin losers", cuz we're always winning, right?
That can't be real.... 
This account was created almost three months ago and all it does is attack people and talk about vid
It's always funny when the side that encompasses the larping ninja antifa weirdos, and 300lb, blue h
Dems are nothing more than communist toddlers in dirty diapers waddling around acting like their shi
Bullets are for abusive twits.
The fact that he thinks it’s ok to attack a person as an individual in civil political discussion sa
I REJECT YOUR FACTS
Tendies!
Logic and losers are like oil and water, they don't mix right.
they love the term asshat too
Do not feed the trolls! 
How many vaccines would you need to stab your eye with to become THAT autistic?
It's a bot, stop getting baited, apply to be a election ballot counter instead.
Clearly it was a reference to the musician under the moniker Logic.

"I haven't seen a tackle like t
How is this even real. What goes through your head to say logic is for losers? 

Oh wait, nothing. 
They only respond to facts if they're completely made up by CNN or MSNBC. Then everything else becom
LOL you're arguing with a pokemon player.
So true, that's why computers operate on feelings, and we program them with stories.
I'm pretty disappointed that this subreddit is taking everything this guy says at face value. He's n
It's not nice to stereotypw people.
They think that the food they eat, the clothes they wear, and the smart phones they live and InstaFa
2 terms. 2 scoops. 2 genders. MAGA!!
When is a rational, empathetic person is a pathetic stereotype ?
Where is this post?  I seriously wanna downvote that libtard and upvote u/BasedMedicalDoctor
Logic is definitely not for losers.
This problem exists on our side as well. 

I try to phrase my criticisms politely and the reply from
Hahaha, what an idiot. Gotta love their username too. "Wages not cages". Yeah, that's a kind of a fo
R.I.P my inbox.
***'Cash for Clunkers'*** as well. Complete waste of taxpayer money and effort, and also destroyed a
Yikes!  Controlled Obsolescence is a big fuckkin problem.

My parents old ass Maytag is still trucki
This reminds me of the Obama regulation that required every single fucking swimming pool in the coun
Someone should make a series of these business stifling memes. Maybe do on on that California law yo
Get the government out of the economy!
True that times 10000000000000000.
Yep 20 year old fridge still trucking..32 year old fridge stopped working last year bought a new one
Several years ago, we refused to trash our 1985 washing machine. The part is available and the machi
I will never forgive them for what they did to toilets.  
This is a lesson that every American should be aware of, and ingrained into their physche. Democrats
Same thing happened with low flow toilets in California. Plumbing requires water to push the waste. 
True, I'm having a hard time finding a US manufacturer to make my products.
Truth
Same thing with air handler motors. The new ones are pieces of shit. 
Holy shit. I just got banned from r/Hillary for the same thing.
They misspelled inpeach! The audacity. 
This is the first time I read the usernames on this
What’s wrong with peaches and oranges :(
Wtf....
Muslims destroying America. 
Omg. Such BS!!!  Why oh why would a judge allow this
If you have specific dietary restrictions it's probably best not to eat things that you don't prepar
I dunno about this one man...legal immigrant doing one of the most dangerous jobs and getting ribbed
The elite better pray Trump sends them to GITMO 
Ooooh noooo, that sucks. 

Enjoy getting ass raped in Hell!
“Christian Maire, a married father-of-two from Binghamton”

Married with kids. 
As cathartic as this is, odds are good that certain parties wanted this dude shut up permanently.
The only tragedy here is that it took so long for someone to attack him. In addition, his lawyer is 
What a shame.  I’ll be busy watching paint dry on the day of his funeral.
You would think that this would be all over the news. The death of HRCs campaign leader is a big dea
YES!

Whoever did that should have their sentence shortened by 5 years.

In fact, we should make a n
Justice served
This post was crossposted to r/POLITIC by u/PGaultieri85 ( [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/c
And that’s how you’re supposed to help victims of school shootings.
Good this is well deserved her father has been working hard non-stop since the day his daughter's li
Hell yes. Next, we gotta shake up Broward County Sheriff's office
This is WONDERFUL in so many ways. 
- Florida schools are going to get a much needed security audit.
Holy fuck if big 
Taking care of a few things before handing over to DeSantis next week.  :)
lol, I cannot wait for Fred Gutenberg’s reaction. It will be fuckin’ **priceless**
Wait wasn't this the dude who was wearing the clinton for prison shirt when the media interviewed hi
Gonna miss you being Executive of my state, Mr Scott. Give em hell in Washington!
https://wsvn.com/news/politics/scott-appoints-dad-of-parkland-victim-to-florida-board-of-education/
Get those teachers trained and armed ASAP. 
I can't imagine what Mr. Pollack has been through, but I can say his response to it is inspiring and
What are his honest qualifications for this job? 
Hey good job Florida (this one time)
Elections have consequences!
This is awesome. Hats off to Gov. Rick Scott for having the balls to make an appointment like this.
my heart cries for him every time i see him.
Wow great move. 
The nasty libs will attack him if he isn’t anti gun
Well done...
Yaaasssssss, Queen. 
Okay, but has he ever been a teacher? Does he know anything about education?
Good one!
Trump is such a boss. I’m sure he’s handled a few rogue employees in the past, our wall is in good h
Perhaps this is an opportunity to decrease government and increase the private sector 
Imagine the Govt shutdown lasts the entire 2 years of this BS house term. 
Don’t budge Trump! I am behind you 100%. I even support the decision to declare a national emergency
Just imagine democrats spend 2 years doing absolutely nothing hahaah
4D chess move right there
Wait until the food stamp money runs out. Shit will hit the fan then, I guarantee it. 
KEEP IT CLOSED,  and while we're at it,  CLOSE MORE OF IT!.   the longer it stays closed, the more c
Nancy REEEEEEEE!
Ed Zachary
Needs to pull a Frank Underwood, lock them all up in the Chambers until they pass something meaningf
> why is spaghetti such a fun word to say??

— Nancy Pelosi
Border patrol isn’t working for our citizens?  You want them to keep working for free for a year?  V
Haha this is funny!
SHUT IT DOWN. TRUMP, SHAKE THEM OUT.
Search the closed offices!
Of course, the shutdown had no impact on the Mueller charade.  
Yep. Close it as long as need be.
The longer it's "closed", the more people realize it doesn't do anything of value.
USA is METAL and a Rebel. Not insulted, flattered.
So Scottland has been getting fucked
We have witnessed the libtards.  They are mediocre and will not be going to Valhalla.  Young Thor th
You sure about South Africa? 
How is this supposed to be an insult? 
Lol the US is punk rock. I like it
Because we are fucking rebels!
Lol where is Canada?
Northern Ireland was adopted through kidnapping too.

South Africa is about to genocide a minority p
USA is that kids actual dad
We’re fucking AWESOME!!!
AXL FUCKING ROSE!!!
this is actually amazing
Trudeau/Canada is their cat.
Considering that kid is stronger and makes more money than the entire family...
*Libs 10 years ago:* "We must rebel."

*Libs now:* "Rebels are bad!!"
Shouldn't that baby be brutally mutilated and killed if it's going to represent south Africa?
\m/.  .\m/
Canada is the one taking the picture. It’s ok, we don’t mind. We’ll just get in the next one. 
As a Brit, the only child I'd be ashamed of there is South Africa
As a side note, that's a really good family that allows the son to rebel like this. 

In 20 years ev
There's much less love in Scotland for the English than you might imagine.  In fact, had it not been
I love the American rocker kid. So funny! Awesome! 
Didn't something happen in 1776?
American exceptionalism is a beautiful thing.  
To think baby South Africa is currently out murdering people in all out white genocide.
Isn’t England’s GDP lower than Mississippi’s lol.   I think USA should be hugging England TBH. 
I love it how standing in line and being a bitch is considered a virtue to them.
This is fucking awesome 
Lol clearly the coolest one is USA. The rest look like a bunch of LOSERS
The twins should be Australia and New Zealand, and the kid labeled Australia should be Canada.     

USA:  BADASS AS FUCK
Notice how this meme only includes 'Model' territories and not the failed states such as Iraq, Jorda
Canada gets forgotten but they are probably the least likely to complain about it
The kid is diverse and expressing himself. According to the left that's good. Shows what hypocrites 
Are they suggesting an anglophone trading block?
WTF happened to Canada??
Kid on the right grew up to be a rockstar of a band called Guns N Roses
Haha! That’s a great family pic
USA is so badass. lmao i love it. 
I’ll take badass over dork any day.
Where the hell is Canada in the photo 
#MERICA FUCK YEAH !!!

and little USA grew up to be the leader of Bikers For Trump !
I feel like Youth Gone Wild by Skid Row was written about this exact picture
You can tell England is afraid of his wife’s boyfriend’s son.
I feel like Ireland should be replaced with a drunk baby. (My family is from Ireland I can say this 
The Halloween edition where they turn into skeletons and ghosts would feature Rhodesia.
We look dope and in 6 years will be bearded and jacked. 
Are they gonna ignore the whole IRA/ Sin Fein movement LMAO
Thanks for the compliment... wow. Are they an undercover pede?
Is this supposed to be an insult?
Life liberty and the pursuit of happiness 
England leadership is anti-Trump. And if Trump is the USA, then he's the cool one.
Bunch of beta nerds and metal af America.
India, Canada...
China is colonizing S. Africa as I type this.
Canadians are well aware that our neighbour is way cooler than our cousins.  
Honestly, I would rather hang out with our cool American brother than our overly strict English fath
That is quality 
I feel bad for the libs. They think this is offensive, we think this is not only a compliment but a 
Libtards can’t meme
Poor Canada, they're not even in this picture... Also, yes we are the rebel that does our own thing.
Thats a domestic violence relationship and a half

Edit: Australia isn't upside down in this image 0
Looks like Axle Rose 
USA = young Axel Rose

 Can I get a “Hell Yeah?”
Someone Photoshop trumps face on the USA kid
Where is the that funny smelling kid? (Canada with Trudeau)
Proof the left can't meme, N.Ireland would never smile at this "family" portrait. 
Time to free Northern Ireland
south africa? where an open genocide is going on?


ok …
How is this bad I bet the Aussies are pissed and jealous
That and the USA is not part of the Commonwealth and the picture left out Canada.  
Okay, this is epic. 
So the left agrees that white, conservative, traditional dress, values and appearances are in fact s
USA would be England’s bull
We are the counterculture. 
This looks like they're praising South Africa. The libcuck who posted this must support apartheid.
You people are terrible,  just terrible. And very funny.
I was looking for Percy when I realized this is Not a Weasley family portrait, and the babes are not
It's kind of anti-white when you look at it a 2nd time.
Shouldn’t the baby on the left be holding a Machete and trying to kill the dad? 
Conservatives are the new counter culture!  Embrace it, wear it as a badge of honor!  Long live MAGA
they stole this, as usual lol. I bet it was from r/HistoryMemes
YES\~\~\~  I LOVE this.  A-ha-ha-ha-ha-haha
Wow, they misspelled Australia... How do you even manage that?

To be fair I'm a dual US-Australian 
They’ve embraced being NPCs at this point 
Canada...excluded from the Family again.  
That kid on the right knows where he is.


He's in the jungle, baby.
Them some white 'countries' they got in this cluster. South Africa doesn't look anything like the ba
Theyre all white. Call them racist
Australia needs a Bushman hat.   


Remember, Aussies are just "British Texans" lol.   


Aussiepede
It's because they all hate who they really are.  So they don't like, and won't accept, that the USA 
The poster characterizes South Africa as white. Looks like hate speech by Cuckerburg's standards. 
Wouldn't have it any other way.

To all of you US pedes across the pond, never change.
Yes. The United States was founded by based rebellious people seeking to buck conformity with govern
Yeah Im perfectly fine not having another country's ruler on our currency.
USA looks like Triple H from attitude era WWF.
Poor Canada. They remember Australia but not him. They even had such a hazy memory of Australia they
Those without a pair stayed on the other side of the pond. That's why their men will use words like 
Where is Canada? :(
I say SA should be Canada.
Lol cuck England Isn’t the patriarch of anything 
I love my country New Zealand, but it's slipping further and further down the commie road every day.
**CHAD**
This meme has Australia and South Africa mixed up (Aus and NZ are basically twinsies).
So the USA use to get fucked by her father then rebelled? Sounds about right. 
All white countries 
Wow, no Canada? for shame. 
Northern Ireland would be having weird incest with England while Scotland and Wales are standing at 
Nice sentiment, but fails without Canada.  Also *Australia
Fool
It's always safe to believe the exact opposite of anything a mentally ill liberal says 
Lying liberal
And this is your brain on drugs.
Make my day Jew! - in Borat voice
This is an effective design: you can see through but you really can’t scale it or even pass a packag
Fantastic idea!!
DAMN RIGHT!
TO THE MOON, GOODSPEED
I can get past the language of Tlaib although dishonorable. 

What I can't get past is her profound 
I don't think it's even possible. I mean giving they would have to get 67 votes in the Senate too...
Fun fact... Trump will technically be unseated automatically in 2 years time... until he is again in
Worthless congress 
Spend the next two years on your marksmanship. Hopefully you won't need it except to shoot your next
Based Fiddle Merchant
It's not Congress, it's Politburo to Chiquita Khruschev and the gang. 
Can switching to Geico save you 15% or more on car insurance?

&#x200B;

Does Charlie Daniels play a
Take ‘em all down to the Wooley Swamp!
The same cunts that've been crying about O-blame-o's "legacy" being dismantled.
Also, you aren't allowed to get a wall because Trump wants it. Forget who voted Trump into office an
My mom had the honor of meeting this man in a country clothes store. 
Kanye invited many other rappers, sports figures, and BLM activists to the white house for criminal 
Very Cool!
I don't recall hearing any MSM types other than Van Jones giving him any credit for it.  

It was st
Kanye West also recently moved from LA to Miami! After tweeting “I am a tax payer.” Miami, with the 
Democrats will find a way to hate this
Wow, kanye and trump work together to bring reform to the criminal justice system, something respect
Top 10 anime bromances
I know I should be used to it now but wow, the replies to the tweet. Those that would be bowing in t
Trump keeps helping average Americans. 

Democrats keep helping anti-white racists.
More people should give him credit. 
Very cool. 
Very cool!
Such a huge piece of legislation that the left wanted forever and the right fame around on ...

Only
so many heads are exploding
Did kanye say something recently? Anyone have a video. 
It would be EPIC if Trump joined the upcoming Joe Rogan/Kanye podcast.. would never happen, but stil
Criminal justice reform only gives liberal judges in dangerous cities more leeway to give criminals 
Very legal, very cool.
 A lot of people have recommended Taleb's books to me but he always struck me as just another preten
IQ, or whatever those tests measure, are the biggest indicator of economical success in life. Not ge
Obsessing about IQ will only lead to the fall of the West. Either we bring in low IQ immigrants who 
IQ and race. The red pill so many can't swallow, yet still have the nerve to call themselves "red-pi
https://brainstats.com/average-iq-by-country.html

It seems easy to see a casual correlation between
Seems like the main thing these IQ debates are good for is disparaging people you've never met and t
[Taleb is a most probably a Muslim, proof.](https://twitter.com/nntaleb/status/932617682591117312?la
Taleb is Lebanese, but not Muslim. He’s a Greek Orthodox Christian. He’s also brilliant and I’m one 
Taleb is smart as hell. His rant was that IQ is over rated, doesn't predict success well, and misses
I teach my daughters to protect themselves. 
Is she aiming at the democrats , I hope so.
Boy is he going to be pissed.  Lol
KEK!  My fav so far!
>All children had to take part if they wanted to go to university, but Mrs Merkel is also alleged to
To play Devil’s advocate, East Germany was a dictatorship which forced most citizens into such thing
The scary thing is that the majority of her constituents never even question her name change or past
I’m bitterly disappointed in Angela. But people played along with the party to get their educations.
Get em while they are young that is when your poison can take root. That is why Disney wants to own 
Angela Merkel continues to be a Communist, but the Christian Democratic Union  (Merkel's policital p
Never forget the origins on Communism either.
She was raised a communist and wants to destroy the West. Merkel, May, and Macron have no children a
The only good communist is a dead communist 
Putin is a former KGB member. So?
Na zi SCUM. 
When she was 17? *Yawn*
Communists and flat earthers.  I can't decide who is more retarded.  
What a dopey looking twat.
I heard she was a Hitler baby.
Jim x3 STD Carry
There he is, the peaceful Buddhist 
I wonder if Jim Carrey remembers acting in stuff like like [The Adventures of Handi Man.](https://ww
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
[Does this help?](https://imgur.com/gallery/zXldged)
Now imagine all those requests asking for Trump to become President..
THE PARTY OF INCIVILITY
Science... you mean that so-called 'science' which was claimed to have 'settled' for climate change?
but, but, but science proves that there are 62 genders!!! I mean as long as you ignore biology, and 
reality prefers the status quo, so that aligns more with conservatism 
"Reality is liberal," which explains why the group thinkers on the Left are careful to ban and censo
Unfortunately I agree that history leans left, just from opposite points of view from the smooth bra
It's like they've been saying....it has had no discernable impact. Shows how bloated government is. 
i agree 
Did I mention that I am an exmuslim that had enough of this stupid religion? Like you guys have no i
I think the Mods need to take away this person coat. Cast them into the cold.

I'm calling BS in thi
MODS!! this is the type of person that posts on anti trump subs and says EXHIBIT A OF WHY T\_D SHOUL
Mods???


http://reddit.dataoverload.de/karmastats/#--apple
Shill alert 
What, besides raping women and goats, and stabbing infidels?  
Shill alert.
Jeeeeeez 
Begone, you fucking shill.
Delete this
Fuck Islam. All of it. 
Claimed it was two white guys in a red pickup. Lol, were they also wearing Confederate flag hats and
I was wondering the same. Racism was invoked and yet it was a black dude.
[removed]
This has always been a horrific crime. These beautiful little babies were in the car with their mom,
> “We had a two-hour meeting over whether or not a 20 foot high, 30 foot high steel bollard, steel s
Huh?
Right in the feels
Damn... that really escalated quickly.
🌶 
 This should be on a billboard.
Do you think this will stop in 2020? This was a practice run
So foreigners being paid (even though they are not eligible for employment) to interfere in our elec
I hate this so much
I knew my district was stolen. The post-election votes counted were all blue. F this
At which point do we truly exercise our 2nd amendment rights and form the militia? If this is not th
Ballot harvesting should be banned nationally.

This is the problem with Democrats.  Reasonable peop
Why do we allow this? 
This outlines the exact strategy. Delay calling the result, decide where to allocate resources where
We can't mail in our ballots next election. It makes it too easy for the Dems to fake results. 
It’s time for the tree of liberty to be refreshed
Basically what they are doing is going door to door collecting people's ballots and then throwing th
They stole many of the elections in 2018. Maine, Arizona, California, Georgia, tried in Florida...tr
Ronna McDaniel needs to hire a savage attny like Harmeet Dhillon to go after this and end it.
#MAKE CALIFORNIA GOLDEN AGAIN!!
The reality is at least the past election was stolen. No one cares tho.
Voter fraud is rampant in California. Democrats would never win another election without it. More re
Orange County is red county. No way Dems won it properly. 
Make California belong to America again!
This doesn't surprise me at all.
Another reason to make sure the electoral college stays.  They can do this endlessly in CA, and it o
We have to organize and do this in every district all across the USA.  We can't outlaw it fast enoug
I don't feel like this is news.
Yup, get ready to see more of it too. 
"California is the future". That's not a statement of trends, it's the actual plan, pedes.  They wil
only way these illegal fuckwads learn is if you treat them the way they were treated in their countr
Many were also DACA recipients. Maybe we need our own yellow jacket protests here to ensure the secu
I own this Wallet lol. On my 5th one 
Post when you find the Brass Balled Mofo one too
    Orange Mothetfucker Bad
No one who owns this wallet is a bad mother fucker, guaranteed.
:)
Trump can pretty much sit on this and keep the shutdown going. All it will do is keep border securit
Omg Millie is prego! So cute..... her pregnancy glow is on point too.  
 (P.s. I’m a 6 foot, white m
We should make a parody reality tv show/web series about surviving the apocalyptic shutdown.

#Day 4
The guy to the left is the “confused how to feel about this” libertarians 
Badass OP!
Gif for your shitposting needs. https://i.imgur.com/xBy22Yr.gif
What were they originally reacting to anyway?
Q followers when the hammer drops
Awesome work, OP!

Big and true.

MODS PLS STICKY!!!!
lol what's the context in this?
Ron Swanson approves this message. 
Very good clip
Note the difference between walls meant to keep people in, and walls meant to keep people out.
Ask Gov. Cumoo 
Don't give them any ideas. 
And arrest the Swamp for undermining the United States!
Yes, [this is real](https://www.nationalreview.com/2017/05/quantum-physics-oppressive-marginalized-p
Nothing like gravity to keep a girl down.
So, basically, their intent is to replace basic scientific understanding with a maelstrom of contrad
Gravity be rayciss.
Wait, by Kat Timpf?

*...reads it...*

Oh, she's calling it out as bullshit.  Good girl, Kat.
"For every action; there is an equal and opposite REEaction."
Reminds me of that African professor who thought we should "decolonize science" by throwing out whit
Is this real? 
“Honestly, all of this makes perfect sense. Personally, whenever I think about oppression, the very 
SCIENCE IS A TOOL OF DE WHITE MAN
I'm an engineer and I found Physics to be oppressive too. So I studied hard and passed the classes. 
That's great.

Now jump up and fuck off into space.
More ammo for when they claim how they are "the party of science" right here lmfao. Physics is oppre
Plus, gravity is literally keeping them down. 
[This is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0)
Apple falls from tree. Not too hard to understand.
YES! PoC STILL have to wear their seatbelt. Yeesh!
Science puts you on the moon

Leftism makes you howl at the moon
Atlas Shrugged. If you haven't read it, I highly recommend it.
Can't wait to hear the calculus on this one.
>This structural thinking of individualized separatism with binary and  absolute differences as the 
what garbage 

my dog has a higher IQ 

then this
Ehhhh.....  The news article vastly overstates the position argued in the original paper, which is e
When all of those F=ma  forces are pushing down on one, that could start to feel oppressive.
Apples are hitting POC in the head all over the place!!!!
The good news is most ham planet feminists are too hate filled and lazy to enter stem . 

Ps. I like
Just because you're stupid, doesn't mean you're oppressed. It just means that you're stupid.
The Left is so deranged it is truly amazing to watch.

If you had written a movie with this exact st
This is what hitler said about Einstein! Jewish Physics. wtf
Assembled Bodies: Reconfiguring Quantum Identities

> In this semimanifesto, I approach how understa
Because...of course it is.
These are my favorite type of posts. Can we have an entire subreddit with only these?!?!? 
Just put them back in grass huts. 
Gravity hurts my feelings
These deconstructionist idjits and useful idiots need to get over themselves. Science doesn't give A
Gravity is always keeping me down.
He last name is almost like a mock up of "Drumpf"


Is this a 4chan op?
It’s equally oppressive to all dumb people
Suggesting minorities are too fat and gravity is holding them down?
Fucking gravity. What is it man?

Nobody better tell these people about *general relativity* or they
Gravity only holds black people down. 
**FUCKING WHITE PEOPLE AND THEIR GRAVITY KEEPING ME DOWN!**
Kathrine Timpf must if been reporting on this. No way should would make that case. 
What in the actual fuck is wrong with these people
[e = mc vagina](https://youtu.be/MM0XHJS3GgM)
This is beyond science.
Wait... what?
More than ever before, SJWs need to STFU.
Here are 10 reasons why angular momentum is racist. Number 6 will surprise you!
Reality oppresses minorities till they are marginalized by Nature and Nature's laws. These same natu
"Academic" journal.
She’s the same dipshit who majored in gender studies so I’m not surprised
Fist they deny biological science now this? 
Education is so f\*\*king rayciss  end the PATRIARCHY NOW!!!!!1111^(/s)
Do the dems/leftists have anyone with an IQ above 70? Beuller... Bueller... Bueller...
Uhhhhhhhh..... I dont want to live in this world anymore.
It's like a mandelbrot of retardation. They seem to be obsessed with analyzing everything into the p
Climate Science is the only acceptable science.
White people and their math. 
We are witnessing the collapse of society. 
Wtf is wrong with people anymore. Like really?!?! Did you really right that article? That person sho
The future is stupid.

Newtonian physics - an immutable natural law of the universe that doesn't giv
> “A feminist scholar has published a paper claiming that Newtonian physics is oppressive and that w
Everything's fucking offensive to the libs.  Hell, even the word offensive is offensive to them, bec
There are days when it's apparent that the Soviets did not actually lose the cold war. 
Fuck Newtonian Physics. Always trying to keep people down. 
How is knowledge oppressive? 
No physicists say “quantum physics” or “Newtonian physics” when talking with colleagues. It’s “quant
You can't replace gravity with your verbal diarrhea.
*Feminism is cancer.* 
 It's nothing to be proud of, ladies.
I said the n word and I'm not appologizing
Ahhh... modern society 

“I’m an unrepentant murderer - let’s stick it on a billboard” 
50,000,000 dead and counting, Democrats are truly the party of evil 
I own guns and i'm not apologizing
The one thing I learned from this is that a black child being killed by an evil white guy in a picku
It is now hard to find on twitter whereas yesterday before arrests it was front page and athletes we
Still at the top of CNN but they are not showing the shooters picture, mentioning his race, and they
Wrong answer according to your side Nancy pants.
The fetishization of minorities creeps me out. Note they _never_ talk about contributions of the ind
The black questioner looks like she wants to stab Pelosi.
Ask someone holding a “homeless vet” sign what their MOS was 7/10 times you get s blank stare. 
He said Trump has done nothing for vets or homes less therefore it’s true, don’t question sourceless
"...almost historically" which means he has, right? And did he not donate his quarterly salary to a 
Did they respond to you?? Lol
Because of Trump I can see regular doctors due to the VA being 2 hours away from me.  That was not p
I can verify my parents(retired vets) say this is biggest pay raise ever.
u/VERY_STABLE_DRAGON
Im surprised they admit homelessness even exists after 8 yrs of perfect Obama. How could it be that 
Exactly why I always pay Cash. 
Ask Dick's
It was wrong of them to take this woman’s show
About the only way I might ever watch them again...
Half way there! Ok this should be like Ron Paul holding his alternative convention across the street
They racially sterotyped a murderer and they nearly got away with it because of it. All those follis
Damm the gig is up they can't riot and loot
They don't care. Anything to blame the white guy for a racist crime
#SOMEONE DID ANOTHER OOPSI DOOPSI
One more time MF’er
Still my M'Fing President!
Best MF ever... 
6 more MF’er years!
Lmao
KEK!!
Jim Carry is not funny no way, no how . He's seriously an insane acting person. Look into his insani
VagiClean?  Got a little extra cheese on your enchilada?
No problem selling the Russians uranium. Now they are the big bogey man lol
Very cool. Now can we get(or crowdfund) a Vatican City style wall around it, so they can stop being 
Terrorist attack incoming
Nice of them to meet with Gun Rights groups and leave the NRA out.
Haha. Where’s the NRA? Noticeably absent, I see. Massie knows what’s up 
The troops are (finally) rallying to GEOTUS’ side. 

God forgive them if they ever turn because I wo
Wife killer says what? 
Isn't that why Roseanne Barr lost her show?
Knowing a gorilla is still more intelligent and community oriented than the average Democrat, I cant
I really don't give a fuck with that cuck says. He's not even American 
Dude lost his damn mind. His art isn't even good.
> **Left-wing actor and comedian Jim Carrey shared his latest politically charged artwork, suggestin
Proud to be a racist, nazi, deplorable, scum, piece of shit, islamaphobe, xenophobe, traitor, russia
It comes as no surprise to me that among other things, he has no sound concept of evolution or commo
Jim Carrey called Kanye a monkey? Jesus, they can get away with anything can't they.
What are you even fucking talking about Jim? The only suffering that is going on is in your fucked u
Monkey is a great insult and shouldn't be tied to race!

I had a Kenyan Drill Sergeant and the best 
lol shouldn't he be making movies what happened to this dudes career each movie got worse than the n
Does anyone else get the feeling with Jim Carrey that he just flat out hates himself, thus projectin
Sad that this is the lefts reaction to losing an iron grip on the votes of independent black America
Remember when this fraud said it was all about love and he was a Buddhist? 

Guess it didn’t work fo
The shitty SPen artist everyone, Mr. Jim "STD suicide giver" Carey.
For as much energy as he puts into being anti Trump, perhaps he should first explain why I should su
Wow this guy must have diddled tons of kids and/or drank their blood to be THIS LOUD about his hatre
STD transmitting murderous fuck can paint himself in a casket.
hahaha, this guy is still hilarious. except now i just laugh at him and his descent.
i use to like carrey
It's sad what he's become, I think he had a mental breakdown after he made his fiancee kill herself.
Jim is like a hard candy shell with the inside being 100% disease-ridden monster. You know it, every
Sucked-up tweeker lookin' Hollywood whore
Who?
Just more attempts to dehumanize anyone they disagree with. 
Syphilis is one hell of a drug, eh, Jim?
I certainly fit the comparison. With my master's degree I got a job at NASA. Monkeys used to work at
How ironic. He wants to shame people's freedom of expression, with his freedom of expression. Jim Ca
I'm not a monkey you stupid motherfu..er.
did he just call kanye west a monkey?
Why aren't we memeing that he just called black conservatives apes? That's precisely the tactic the 
If you're so weak minded that an opinion from any Left nutjob like him affects you, you have bigger 
Story about his sad autoerotic asphyxiation death to follow soon....
Would be a shame if trunp curse hit him as well 🤔🤔
So every time he shits out a painting Breitbart is going to call it news?
Wait so 40% is less than 38%? 

🤣🤣🤣
Math is hard
It's like customer feedback. Most of the people who bothered to respond are bitching. The one's who 
The last time I was polled the pollster was happy and nice until I said I supported Trump. Then she 
Nobody asked me.
Those are your facts. 
If a "news" organization is going to place two contradictory "facts" adjacent to each other do not e
Less popular....  sorry.  Headline is not about approval rating. 
Illegal immigrants do not have medical insurance or ability to pay their bills, yet hospitals are ob
By their logic we should revert all the way back to pangodia.
that was the original map, wasn’t it?
We purchased a large portion of that map from France. 

Perhaps they should take their beef up with 
Actually we purchased most of that land dumbasses
I dont see a gun :) 
Always a tit shot.
Lmfao.. Best one of the day
In his indecision he grew a third arm.
PMSNBC must be on the shitter. 
I didn't know that Bathhouse Barry liked women.
This post took more work than Obama did in 8 years.
Best Trump Political Move this week: Holding a press briefing that focused on ICE and Border Patrol,
Thank you so much for the weekly recaps, u/Ivaginaryfriend !

I appreciate your hard work in compili
*Anon explains why the smoke shop employee reverted to high-pitched screeching when the MAGA-hat wea
🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔛
Solid Mega MAGA Thread [u/Ivaginaryfriend](https://www.reddit.com/u/Ivaginaryfriend). This is fantas
Not much better than coming back from work to a MAGATHREAD!
I'm in awe at the size of this lad
It is amazing (not really) how quiet the American media is on this. 
Never give up your guns. 
This man single handedly backed down the riot police
Video:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AAvDA4UPwrk
Dudes fists are like the size of the riot shield
Imagine if those cucks didn’t willfully give up their guns. 🤦🏼‍♂️

Might actually stand a chance tak
What is this whole thing about again? 
Basically throwing them French Hail Marys!
That's one big, bad frog.
Those Police are going through the motions of performing riot control. 
Deep down they are really on
We like beating up cops now? This is not something we should support.
SOTU will be off the chain if the government is still shut down. 

Could be the greatest SOTU of all
Goes without saying.
As long as gov is shutdown... The conversation is about border security which is a winning issue. 
I can't wait till the Democrats lose their shit at the SOTU. I'm betting they will tell stupid shit 
Some bad hombres tell you what. 
Now we know why that loser was whining all the time about the wall. 
Bad place folks

Be carful
Joseph Gordon Leavitt?
No surprise 
No. Because CNN didn't actually win. The judge simply said that Trump's white house didnt actually h
Very Funny!
Here’s your deal on DACA, Send them all back. No deal for citizenship when your are a participant in
Liberals don't even try to look for facts. Here President Trump is trying to give up his unconstitut
If you hate Trump. You're a mentally retarded maggot
Yep. Exactly. No pizza, hot dogs, or cheese.
No.  This isn't it.  That is nothing more than a little side project.  The real reason is because of
I think legalization of all substances and prostitution would do the trick better
Publicly they say it's because it won't work.  Why should you be afraid of something not working.  I
That man is so majestic
But he committed treason by taking a photo with all of those people and their faces are uncovered wh
Fuck do not go back to sleep! If all you "now" patriots had been awake during the nightmare of the G
I don’t trust the Chair Force
Lol, how long before these memes reach the lunatic? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Reeeeeeeeeeeeee

Reeeeeeeeeeeeee

I click the link and it doesnt go anywhere?
Yep.
WOW! The more I see of this incredible woman and the more I read from her posts, the more I hope she
Candace owens is a professional activist and I do no trust her. She is about her brand and thats it.
Straight up! What a total boss. Great combination of beauty and intelligence.

Keep it up Candace! R
To my curious African American fellow citizens.  Please check out Candace's organization.  [www.blex
Hahahaha perfect.

Leftists are so stupid. They think the concrete thing is like gonna turn his base
Dumbest talking point ever.Wall that works, could be made from plastic for all I care. As long as it
At this point we can build it a mile high and 3 miles thick out of pure salt
They. Sound. Like. Toddlers. 
So it’s no longer wall or no wall. It’s concrete or steel
less filling vs. tastes great
This meme is more factual accurate than most of the media 😂😂
They are both amazing materials to build a wall with.  Concrete is good at compressive forces and st
Excuse me..but you originally said concrete. Why aren’t you asking for a concrete wall??? REEEEEEEEE
I'm sure Politico added this to their list of 8,000 Trump lies.
The dems are disgusting.
Trump supporters take him seriously not literally,  Trump detractors take him literally and not seri
I just want a wall.
They should build it out of whatever the fuck AOCs skull is made of. Impenetrable!!!
He said a fence would be acceptable 2 years ago.
i heard Trump refer to it as a fence at one point. is this to help convince those that did indeed vo
Lol. This meme is EXACTLY how that conversation went. That little shit journalist should be embarras
*Is ConcreteGate the end of Glornald Blompf?* 
What happens when its revealed that they're going to pour concrete around the steel slats, and that 
Reinforced steel with rebar made of concrete.
He actually said "Steel rebar and concrete."

But these reporters have gone from ignoring politician
The border agents also asked for a wall they could see through!
This is one of the best uses of this meme format ive seen
He was on The Apprentice. 
But hey, at least the NPC at CNN can feel that they're keeping "journalistic integrity" by "asking t
I don't really mind what it is, we just need something down there that discourages illegals more.
This is awesome OP
I love how they try and also discredit him by saying that he promised Mexico would pay for it.

WHO 
TEN FEET HIGHER
Tips 🧢 upvotes 
My browser history if full of BBW searches. Big, Beautiful Walls!
I don't care what it's made of or who pays for it, as long as it works.
There won't be any just concrete wall... It's all steel reinforced concrete. 

These people pick the
I think I remember that episode
This is one of the best memes, because depending on who makes it, they alternately  make either Sr. 
You usually do both, steel reinforced concrete.

Concrete is amazing against forces of compression a
This meme is a long term investment IMHO.
He never said concrete.

When are these people gonna learn, you can't come at a straight shooting ha
That bitchy woman was so annoying! Trump owned her when he pointed out to the moron that steel is st
well. . .kinda. Concrete is good at tension forces (like pushing) but steel is good at being pounded
Lol nailed it
Does the gif work for everyone? It stopped working when I look at it.
Honestly as much as I’ve trolled u/Spez in these comments for the past two years, he’s been reasonab
This script brought to you by the social(ist) media commie oligarchs in silicon valley. 
Oops, you mean there are more like that?

[https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/25213-reddit-downvote-r
Passed down from my father to me. 

Why did the Postal Service give people Rifles
Facts.  But a *terrible* editing job.
Spying on Trump with fake FISA 

Fake birth certificate posted on WH web site

Spying on Merkles pho
Thanks pede! Could you re-edit the awesome list ? For us older folks, it’s almost impossible to read
MUH RUSSSIA
He needs to do this more. Get these people in the public eye. 
I love this one so much.
REMINDER: Merkel was a member of the East German Communist Party until 1992. 

https://www.dailymail
This childless fucking swine is making sure German children and grandchildren don't have a future.
The document, described by MP Petr Bystron of the populist Alternative for Germany (AfD), reveals th
Quick reminder pedes, a lot of German citizens HATE Merkel. We have relatives from Bavaria and when 
German Hillary
What the fuck is wrong with this disgusting woman? How long do you have to keep failing and then kee
Of course German Hillary is behind it. 
She is the worst of the worst. 
I will never vote for someone who doesn't have children.
She might ultimately outdamage Lenin or Stalin
Angela Merkel cares so much about Germany's and Europe's future, she never had any children. 
#FUCK OFF GERMAN HILLARY
#pumpkinpiehaircuttedfreak
Crimes against humanity!
Daddy issues. To the maximums. 
I’ve wondered why they’re doing this. I think I figured it out. If they relocate all the dangerous M
She is the devil 
Canada's Justin Turdeau was also behind it.
The East Germans migrated to the West Germany and ruined it after the Berlin wall fall. Merkel is th
I’m beginning to wonder if the antichrist is actually a woman... 🧐
She resembles Hitler. Lose the hair and add the mustache. 

Maybe there is something to that conspir
Communist,
Globalist Shill,
Wants millions of foreigners in Europe.
Attempting to erase German cultu
I'm shocked
We better watch out for Germany, and their socialist ways. Igniting the past world wars and whatnot.
Literally Hitler
We all goin to Grandma Merkel's place for the night boys and girls!! woohoo!!

I'm convinced she's the anti-christ
[https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/](https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/) \-climate change is real, a
There’s nothing worse than a traitor. Such a person is a traitor to her race, her Country and her wo
So I guess that means all those Jews settling in PA territory are just exercising their human rights
What part of "illegal immigrant" do these people not understand. It's all becoming so tiresome.
'Death Of A Nation' outlines this extremely well.
David horowitz has been another American patriot who's called these sick fucks out on their double s
I need to get stickers of this.  Place them all over NYC 
Teach him right! Making gun ownership great again. 
In case anyone is wondering, it's a Springfield XD-S 9mm, 3.3 inch barrel. We also fired his Palmett
Note. No substance.
There's no H in cuck.
So glad I don't watch television anymore 
Soo..he's pre-pissed and then post-pissed....🤣🤣🤣
Uh his beloved democrats are the ones notorious for giving murderous dictators a pass. 
 Chucky needs a chill pill. 
GEOTUS, living in millions of minds 24/7...for free.
It's your first clue they are a Dipshit
if walls don't work, why does the White House have one around it?
Oopsie. 
Charge the witnesses 
A shutdown in order to preserve the will of the people (we voted for a Trump Wall) is different than
Man the onion has some zingers once in a blue moon.
Haha fantastic!
😂😂😜😂
I want to stop child sex trafficking 
Diversity == “I’m not white”
Diversity of Thots
All I see his a room full of egos.
Only thing missing is a “white” person. Strange. 
They love congratulating themselves just for showing up to work.


These dingbats already have a pic together?  Man we’re fucked. 
Trying to hide in plain sight 
Another photo op.
A line of brown women all dressed the same = diversity .


Fucking lol.
 
Democratic party died and 
Occasional-Cortex looks like she's passing gas... damn tootalitarian communists.
Looks real American
and not a good decision was made among them all...
A room full of sex repellant.  Do any of them have a husband and kids?
Opinions = MSM Talking points
The herd of “independent” thought.
No whites. No males. And no Christians?
It's our skin color that makes us a better group than you, you fucking racist!
And If you disagree with their opinions you "have a problem with women in power" 
Looks like one of those Netflix Original series that gets cancelled after one season.
Does this photo make anyone else feel like America is starting to cuck itself out... and these femal
Zeros diversity here

The only thing in common is TDS
No, they might agree at the start, but it won't take long for infighting to surface.

Spez: it's ear
Dems again show how they're the ones that see color.
Looks like the shit apple showcase to me.
And they are still gonna me too whoever doesn't agree with them in their own party
I will never get over the hypocrisy of absolutely everything the dems say and do. It is so blatant a
It seems that whatever the left attempts, they fail miserably while shouting 'victory'.

Here we hav
Charlie's Thot Bots!
Looks like a new Netflix Original
Also known as Groupthink. 
Let's get them in a room together and discuss the LGBT agenda.  If they have a consensus one of them
I been looking at the websites for all these women and Jesus it’s basically ban guns reduce military
I wonder what gollums opinion is on those who marry their siblings, probably doesnt care, cant help 
This is so cringy. I can't stare at it for more than 3 seconds.
Nasty women
Yeah they also have the same style of brain... that being the psycho type.
The sacrifice of merit on the altar of skin color. 
Anyone applauding a hijab is literally mentally retarded. 
Where's Young Kim? 
Is that the brotherfucker from minnesota? No diversity in her children's gene pool either. 
How is this not Racist lolol 
A friend of mine literally posted that she doesn’t know their politics but is so proud to see them b
Why are these commies so fucking butt ugly? Doesn't the dem communist party have any good looking Ma
AOC does have a nice rack tho 
Diversity: not white
There is no diversity of thought when you are guided by hate
I like that they put the towel head in the back. Even in this group she is behind them.
I'll say it. The government framed by the founders wag intended to be voted on and ran by land ownin
Where's the attractive one?
Is this the new cankles committee?
All I see are communist and terrorists
'Sameness' is the new diversity.
What is truly upsetting is imagining all the real women/minorities who've worked really hard doing t
How is this supposed to be appealing? "Here's a picture of a bunch of obnoxious women who want to te
As a born and raised Kansan, fuck Sharice Davids for being a carpetbagger. She’s not from here, and 
You could feed 50 entire families if each of them sold their outfits.

Democrats make a living by su
I see NPC faces
The brown pussy committee 
We are all geth.
It will come out in the news that Cortez has a fetish for getting railed by alpha Trump supporters, 
Cholas be coming for you.
And gender, whatever they identify as.
My prediction: the number of dank memes that this crew will deliver while in office will be f’n epic
I lost my shit when someone commented something along the lines of “gotta have that one black woman 
No Asians? No trans? No gays? (might be lesbians, but L & G are different things...I think..  but I’
This is one of my biggest pet peeves.  Bring your carts to the corral, Lazy Fuckers! 
The lack of concern for others, not following rules ( such as placing carts in the designated area) 
Why is he going to a shoe store? Wouldn't Firestone be more appropriate?
What the fuck does people being lazy have to do with socialism?
I don't know, but he Ken Bone me anytime.
Kid is wearing a Vault 111 hoodie. Just preparing for the apocalypse is all. For The Overseer!
Will see...
Beautifull human submarines
They criticize Trump about not building the wall but when he builds the wall they'll criticize him f
Kindly go back to Canada, you disease-riddled faggot.
Its always interesting to see people with no idea how the stock market works talks about it. The mar
[removed]
I love it

**Shut up cuck. You are an Ameriphobe**
More accurately, the fear of a strong America resulting in the white population reproducing.
Get this on urban dictionary 
Weak and lazy people don't like the idea of personal responsibility and freedom because it puts them
Damn that's perfect.
Ameriphobia - pushes cultural Marxism to destroy American culture. 
Have more children, folks.
We need a constitution devotion club.  That kids can learn online and pass a series of tests by cert
DEMOCRAT party not Democratic. 
Oikophobe is another term
There’s a lot of non-Americans shitposting and trolling on r/politics and other “mainstream” subs
Excellent. 
LMMFAO *Meanwhile, in an alternate universe...*

That is so Ameriphobic - a literal nazi assault on 
Shamelessly stolen.
This should stick more than that freedom fries thing. I count on you !
Sure, I've been called a xenophobe, but the truth is, I'm not. I honestly just feel that America is 
Magaphobia, is often comorbid with TDS.
At least this phobia is a legit one unlike islamophobia, transphobia and you know the rest of that n
Yea, totally. /r/The_Donald subs and Republicans are the only ones that stand up for the rights of l
Should be easy to identify this mental illness and have it shot in a back alley. 
I regret that I have but one upvote to give.
We need to start memeing around these two terms: oikophobia and xenophilia; oikos from the greek for
FREEDOM OF SPEECH. ...REEEE

How could you leave that out :(.

America is the only ... THE ONLY one 
More generally known as Oikophobia:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oikophobia#Political_usage

> a s
I get the gist and I like it, but it’s clunky. There are too many grammatical and punctuation errors
Robert De Niro is a mother fucking pedophile..

Hollywood = Pedophiles

Synonymous.
Pedos n drug addicts! 
But they preach about such high morals, this CAN'T be true.
Is something up with Iron Man?
An open secret
Absolutely True 
I wish this picture was real. I mean, I wish some actors would confirm this and denounce this shit. 
And sociopaths. 
Mark Ruffalo is the worst actor out of all of these stupid ultra liberal Marvel movie actors. He rag
Agreed
And, when these frauds aren't molesting children and raping each other, they self righteously profes
Can someone educate me as to what trump did to reveal this news to the public
I knew about the poser posing but nothing about the voter fraud. Wow. 

Brain damaged in many ways
If only she pretended to be a native American instead, her leftist friends would have rushed to her 
If I was fake-black like her, I would not stand for this obvious fake-racism
I am really really glad this did not get lost in the memory hole.
**THEY'RE ONLY CHARGING HER BECAUSE SHE'S BLAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!**
Is she still black?  Wait I have to ask the PC way....does ze still identify as African American?
 I thing like a Swift trial 
Jesus look at that fivehead, would you.
She did this whole charade to get a continuous supply of BBC. 
Das Racis!!!!
Is the figure adjusted for inflation?
Let’s be honest and include that the reason this happened was during Bush’s term.  It’s mainly Barne
I personally think this is nothing but a plot to bring America down through debt. America is basical
Obama built that!
IT'S MA'TH
By any chance, has anyone else noticed what a festering pile of steaming garbage Obongo's doltish pr
But the deficit is the highest ever under Trump nerrrrp reeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Like playing poker with a guy that can write checks. 
To be honest we don't want to go this rout. Every time the fed raises interest rates it will send My
Trump spending is nothing to smile about. 
How many democrat dual citizenship Jews do we have in congress? Let them eat each other. Jewish elit
Andrew  Jackson.

John F Kennedy. 

John McCain.

&#x200B;
LEO from the area should be ashamed. 
Tlaib real interest is to proselytize Islam. Her instagram and twitter is full of Islamization bulls
I'd also like to add 

4) The belief that since the wall won't stop every illegal because some are v
Liberal logic... Walls dont work...But they work in Israel... thats different, they are trying to ke
Leftist have borderphobia.
Why wheels and walls work
Breathing does produce CO2 ?! 😳
We have the ability to buid a wall right down the center of the Rio Grande. Don't sell short the unb
No, they know it's needed, but they just can't hand Trump a win and cut off the supply of their futu
Dems didn't send their best.
Can’t put a wall across Rio Grande?!  It’s called a dam!!!!!!!  
PAUL 2024/2028
CRENSHAW 2032 2036
B. TRUMP  2040 2044

Just MAGA UNTIL I DIE PEDES
Wait..is that a Pirate? 
This meme is still funny but outdated The 1/2020th that she is claiming Native American, is actually
But muh cheekbones

  


  


  

This guy maybe was a South American. Not a native. Ftfy
I never thought these would be true???
Love this MF'er!
ITS MAM
Calling a 2-Star General by the honorific Sergeant is gonna be a bad time.
I see no problem with having gender equality in the military. #OrangeManBad
Still don’t know if it’s pronounced like “zir” “Khs-ir” or still “sir.”
Hah!!humm🤔😲
PC indoors and the general has chevrons? The fuck?
With the exception that all they do is lie.
To calculate how far the left is from reality, you first must determine what infinity equals to.
That is ugly. 🤮
And yet there still making progress and getting elected.  People keep focusing on the symptoms and n
To get their votes.

And diddle their children.
Who will attend the rally on a Monday morning. Most conservatives have to go to work, unlike the lef
Where is her Hijab?
Its okay to be white
Her brow game is awful. 
Disgusting, not a refugee or minority among them.
It’s not okay to be white. It’s fucking *fantastic.*
Wow! They do look so normal! Perfectly happy and well adjusted family!
I can hear the liberals hissing like vampires when exposed to light
her eyebrows tho...
Two kids is not the norm anymore. One maybe. ☹️
Leftist triggering is exponentially proportional to the number of children in married family photos 
I'm literally being raped right now.

**MODS** DELET THIS!
Little dude got moms hair
Family !!!
NORMAL!!!!! AARRRRgggrrffrummmmpppfff!!!

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-diculous

If you hate this picture or get triggered by it see your local psychiatrist. 
They hate this because they can't be it.
Beautiful 
Yuck, Ginger kids! -Cartman
No vagina suits? Neither of the males have breast implants, the females don't have beards? No Quran 
Nuclear families are the reason US has dumbed down so much
What a Brotherfucker!
Who gives a shit about head coverings? This post is retarded
She desperately wants to portray herself as a persecuted minority when in fact she’s not. Pandering 
This racist bitch offends me so much. Nobody I know from my tribal community likes her... I'm guessi
more "spin" yet it was HER pushing HER minority status that got her perks in college and beyond.  
“Heard the stories of our ancestors?” This bitch is delusional.

Also, he’s not “hurling racial slur
She will say anything to get elected, just like she did to get into college!
I try to listen to a lot of political figures to grasp what their point is, but holy shit she’s so b
We need bumper stickers!
Yes that's the rink GEOTUS rebuilt in Central Park. It sat there out of use for years bc of NY idiot
[Wollman Rink](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wollman_Rink)

Really the origin story of GEOTUS’ cur
Trump built that!
Still has his name along the entire perimeter as of Jan 2019
I thought Obama did that?????
Awesome
It should also be noted that in Season 1, Episode 8, of the TV show based on that same premise, the 
Branded!
Underrated movie. It was pretty good. 
Trump Tower is just arosund the corner there too.
160 IQ. Trump takes NZT confirmed.
I've played ice hockey at Lasker in central park, shitty rink (no checking allowed because it's to s
Please watch the documentary series on Netflix; Trump: An American Dream. First episode talks about 
I took a leadership class through my work (Xerox) in the early 90's and in the last 15 minutes on th
Closest thing to a real limitless pill is modafinil
Yeah everyone skates on it every year. It’s a really good time, and a long line.
I just watched this again 2 nights ago and noticed the same thing. Thats an awesome coincidence 
If I had the drug from the movie I would aspire to be the next Trump. 
Good eye
It’s still there. That’s Wolman Ice Skating Rink in Central Park. 
[Do you know the story about how he got his name on that skating rink?](https://www.youtube.com/watc
Know why Mexico brought 4,000 men to the Alamo? 

They only had 3 cars. 
"In the southern part of Texas

In the town of San Antone

There's a fortress all in ruins that the 
As a Texan, I must say that Texas was rebelling against Mexico at that point, and Mexico had a right
The Wagoneers, members of the Texas music Hall of Fame have a wonderful song about the Alamo. "Stout
Hank Johnson:

>The midget won't win against a sumo wrestler, theres not enough weight
[deleted]
That's the Huffington Post board, not WaPo
#nodiversityofthought
There's brown...hair. 
Samitch, dishes, NOW
And only 1 blonde?
Washington Compost
Half of the look Mexican to me. 
I count 3 brown women of colour here.
Group of unattractive women eating fruit and drinking soy products. 
Journalism died when women were brought in to dominate the reporting of the news. Women cannot be ob
>ecological and logistical problems of a wall 

Its a fucking wall
Just change from calling it “the Wall” to calling it The Secure Fence Act part II, then Schumer will
Democrats are not Liberal:  they have gone fascist and socialist on us.
We need to evict California and it's leaders from the union
LOGIC IS FOR LOSERS

-Dems Actually
Land mines across the the border and pay per view. 
These Demon-crats are showing their true colors. It is obvious that they know illegals are their vot
Apparently, in the world of make-believe, [illegal immigrants are not eligible for healthcare](https
This government shutdown tells you sooo much.

5 billion compared to the total is nothing. If you've
Idiots 
I honestly don’t think that people understand how much is spent on illegals annually. This needs to 
It's not an accident or a fault of logic.  They are not confused or stupid. They are deliberately tr
I swear, when Pelosi smiles, she looks like Toht after the Ark of the Covenant is opened.
They just want the illegals to vote and be counted for federal support.
The Left is full of retards.
And dont forget giving $38 Billion to Israel every year!
The true waste of money is money spent on attending Schumer's niece's standup. 
The Democrat Party has literally become the Enemy of the State
It is easier negotiating with North Korea. Sad how much Democrats hate this country. 
Take the money we give to Mexico and make them pay for it! 2 promises fulfilled!
We have Mr.President...they’re globalist. 
Look at the campaign finances of these people and see if they got money from the beneficiaries.
Dems need illegals to vote and help steal elections.
Say it loud and clear in all media!!

This fact alone should be enough to get funding!
No no no you see, those walls are for keeping people *IN*.  Big difference.  /NPC
They only work when you actually pay the officers who man those walls though.  
But small fences? Not so much.

https://www.abc15.com/news/crime/pd-illegal-immigrant-found-setting-
Poor thing was just trying to cook a meal for his family.  Let him be! Give him benefits!
I love these!  Please, everyone keep posting places that walls work well.  Especially post pictures 
It's a Disorder
Two Ms
Honestly, Apple does take privacy more seriously than say its main competition Google. 
Better than left wing google that’s for sure! 
I remember when a lot of people were complaining that Apple rushed the IOS 11 update.

The IOS 11 de
unpopular opinion i love apple and all their products, and i would never buy another brand
Anyone know the security of the Samsung flagships? I know they're Android and shit but Samsung likes
> If you like your data, you can keep your data

Sounds an awful like some retard of a president we 
iPhones can be unlocked according my police detective friend. He just won a murder case because he w
Icloud is a different story. - Apple
#What happens on your iPhone, stays on your iPhone*


*unless it is your metadata that we nicely col
White is black and up is down. If you think they won't share you're info with the .gov for any minor
I wouldnt be surprised if the camera dots on the billboard was an actual surveillance camera.
Not Apple's fault, the government reach is too strong to resist.  Blame the deep state. 
I’ve heard mention of google. I no longer use it and I urge everyone to boycott them. I now use duck
I was literally just in Vegas and saw this sign there. Hilarious!
By "your iPhone" they mostly mean the folder labelled "X's iPhone" that they hand out to various bid
The never blinking eye.
What if I want to keep my iPhone doctor?
Im anxiously waiting for the Librem 5.
Pshhhhht
apple.cn/privacy?
Honestly Android is much Worse!
WRONG.
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
And then there was the Fappening...
What, can't delete search history?
Yeah but android and google. I'll stick with Apple on this one. NSA no matter what gets are text and
Especially if you are a terrorist with useful information on your phone that could help prevent an a
And it's only January..
Lol the NSA captures, and copies, every single piece of information any iPhone sends or receives. Wh
If you like your data you can keep your data.
What idiot believes this?
I was up late and got inspired by the name of an old movie on TV.
GoFundMyFakeStory
I totally missed this story.  Who originally provided the description of the shooter?
Is this that story Shaun Cream was peddling??
Black in black crime...nothing to see here.
who ever claimed that was the guy is guilty of a hatecrime
Good!
Hopefully, they won't all end up in jail.  
this is just the beginning! don't fucking push us x(  i mean it.  you have NO Idea what you will be 
Is this new? As in this weekend? If so GOOD
Go Britpedes!!!
#TAKE BACK BRITANISTAN FROM THE GLOBALIST SCUM!
Where's Tommy Robinson, that man is a goddamn hero!?
"ERUPT" ... shows photo of 15 people in yellow vests
I wish it meant something. However now that Brits have allowed Sharia courts, seems country that gav
Can you hear the people sing..

scroll through the pics. one man appears to have a MAGA hat on!!!!!!
BREXIT MEANS EXIT
Fight brothers! 
Thats illegal.  No butter knives,  no dissent speach, no adverse words or opinions online, no guns, 
Still waiting for Germany......
If you stop social programs...
Don’t forget about the drug tunnels!
Carrey Don you wayward son
Ruh-roh! What did Jim Carry do? 
Who?
Teabag this dude.
Again?
Turd
I thought that old dude was dead already. 
He might as well not exist since he represents nobody on 
For some Never Trumpers the condition is terminal. He will never recover and admit he was wrong abou
I mean he sold out and bought into the "more than 2 genders" bullshit so
Hot take... but he fits the profile. 
I really fucking hope I loved this show. Jamie was always better though
That's a good one. Wish POTUS would get ahold of it.
[Secure Fence Act of 2006](https://www.congress.gov/bill/109th-congress/house-bill/6061)

Notable "y
It's like their insanity festered while they were out of power
Can we sue the democrats who vote for this for threatening to infringe our constitutional rights? Ri
Banning the sale of weapons between private parties? I'm sure everyone will totally abide by that. W
dead in the senate
Background checks? Mother fucker, criminals just take guns. Once again they are targeting law abidin
Freedom of Contract. Idiots.
It’s already illegal to sell firearms to a felon but they rarely prosecute or punish the damn gang m
I hope a hundred million people build pipe-guns and sell them back to buy more legit firearms.  Buy 
I mean. What the fuck. 
Absolute control by government is the goal.
There is a reason we have judicial review.
Every bill to be brought forward should have to pass Constitutional test on both sides BEFORE being 
They simply don't get that their current actions and ideology is exactly why the founders penned the
They can introduce all the bills they want. None of them will get past the Senate.
I knew the WA bill was a test.
From Nancys cold, dead, hands... another gun control bill. Whoda thunkit?
I have a theory on this.  The problem is far worse than we think...at least for the Democratic Party
Political theater.  An election is coming up and they know dem voters are stupid enough to believe t
At face value this does not seem so bad, if it were not a slipper slope to something worse. I was ab
#mUh pOpuLaR vOtE
*pop*
Democrats are no better than the illegal trash they want here.
Heartbreaking 😢 
F for respects!
Jesus, that's hard to watch.  


RIP Cpl Singh.
Holy shit. Respect!
Reparations have already been paid with the blood of over 350K white Union soldiers who fought and d
You know, people like this tend to overlook the fact that blacks in Africa sold slaves to white men 
IF its so awful we brought them here, why don't they go back?  Slavery is evil as fuck obviously but
your people sold your dead ANCESTORS to our dead ANCESTORS for the most part, yours enslaved ours fi
We gave you Liberia, and you literally just went there and enslaved the locals lmfao. You are no bet
look up taxpayer statistics and welfare statistics
My ancestors didn't own slaves.  The same is true for the vast, vast majority of white people in thi
Wouldn't it more more appropriate to see reparations for the white slaves that were brought to north
While we’re discussing it, who really deserves the reparations? 

The descendants of slaves who now 
I'm a descendent of one of the first documented slaves and I'm white as a ghost. Am I owed money?

N
Welfare, bitch.  Get yo self of it if you don't like it.
I want my buxx for the wheel
What about current day slavery in the middle east and africa? she doesnt seem to adress those
I never owned slaves.  They never picked cotton.  Don't owe them shit.
Honest question: what do you think about intersex people? (people who are biological a bit of both)
Enough with the memes.  Says the walking meme. 
Is he crying??
A political commercial needs to be produced of Obama, Hillary, Schumer and others advocating for a b
Did they just go full on “Hitler did nothing wrong!”...?
Depends, is the anti-Semite a Democrat?  
So they are basically saying anti-semitism is an  exception to the rule of intersectionality. Or the
So the LA Times officially becomes an alt-right rag?
Let’s try this:

Can you admire a racist and advance the cause of men? Maybe so. Life is full of con
Can you have no moral bearings and just say the ends justify the means? No. No you cant.
hmmm...."Life is full of _____________________"  Fill in the blank.
A resounding "HELL NO!" should be the answer.
That's just fucked up 
Maybe, but you can’t admire someone that supports Sharia law and advance the cause of women.
Can I support a racist if it means the security of my nation? WHAWHAWHAWHAWHAAAAT?????
They don't have a moral compass, they have a moral Magic 8-ball.
Full of contradictions. Like, claiming to support women while a death cultists leads your movement f
This article resolution is like a solution for an NPC’s cognitive dissonance...

A Muslim woman who 
They will burn for this one.
Kek. 

https://twitter.com/TheNickaChew/status/1081615086316339200?s=19
YOU DAMN RIGHT
Yeah, and he’s our Badass Motherfucker!
That’s my President - the original and unapologetic BAM!!!
"They say that Donald is a baad Mother..."

"Shut your mouth!" 

"But, I'm talking about The Donald!
If it said black the world would grind to a halt.
This slipped off the radar but more relevant now than ever https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6F9ZJIklCko
They'd rather protect DEMOCRATIC VOTES rather than the gamble of American citizens who might be Trum
Did she call MS13 gangbanging animals “sparks of divinity?”
This is what happens when we elect the mentally disabled.
Just read this in the news and came here to meme this. This post was at the top of the list lol.
Ya 
She didnt use the Mythbusters Adam Savage opening sequence quote but she *did* say "those are not my
Why did you need to change the quote? Her exact statement was stupid enough. 

Just televise all of it. 
This lady is a straight up piece of shit.
That’s for sure. 


Democratic presidential canidates from Massachisetts fail almost as often as socialism has.
Very close to her % of Native American DNA.
This narcissistic bitch actually thinks she could win.  🤔😂
My heart aches for this family. 
God gave this mama grace and restraint when she wrote this letter; most of us would be howling at th
> No, but he was taught to care about others and his impact on them. He was taught and practiced per
Heartbreaking.

BUILD THE WALLS.

ENFORCE THE LAWS.
Is it me or are the majority of the deaths at the hands of illegal immigrants drunk driving related?
Trump needs to have all of these people speak when he addresses the nation.
> We are all aware, as a family, that nothing will bring Pierce back, but don’t tell me my son, who 
There are two kinds of Mexicans

Mexicans born in USA that follow the law and drink socially

Mexica
Fucking heartbreaking. I don’t know that I would be so collected if it was my child. 
Looks like a young Ron Paul.
Nancy and Chuck had no comment.
If you live in that congressional district, call your rep and read them that. Read it to your two se
The victim looks like a white male so I don't expect any sympathy from the left.
Buyback program is where you pay taxes to buy back your own gun from yourself and give it away to th
Fuck "the state"
So long as there's a trigger mechanism, you can make pipe pistols with very little machining.  I hap
They'll start giving gift cards to food places, instead of cash - watch.
[PICTURE OF GUN!](https://imgur.com/a/iz6S6Kk)

&#x200B;

Screenshots from this [Youtube Video](http
Nothing says government better than a program that uses your own tax money to purchase your own prop
Would anyone pay for molds to pour scrap metal into to make guns realistic enough to fool buyback em
 Modern problems require modern solutions. 
Baltimore was buying standard capacity AR mags for $20. When PSA sells D&H 30rnd AR mags for $8.99 i
Zip Gun Genius! 
He worked the system perfectly 
That's what we call turning a frown upside down.
Its surprisingly easy to make an AR, a slam-fire shotgun, and a cross-bow (which is 100x more deadly
>make slam fire 12 gauge from pipe and nails for 3 bucks

>sell on buyback for 100

>repeat
I need to do this... Black pipe shotguns are cheap as shit.
Yeah people on r/firearms were talking about this I didnt know someone was actually gonna do it 😂😂😂

"Participating in a gun buyback program because you think criminals have too many guns, is like hav
Trump art of the deal 
Genius! 
Total genius
A patriots brain at freedom at work 
In other news, Home Depot sells out of shovels...
This is such an absolutely brilliant idea.  We should run this as a business.  You can give it an in
Link to article?
Is this because the state is largely too retarded to actually know or care a real gun from a non-fun
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobra_effect
American ingenuity, fuck yeah
Fuck gun control. All gun control. 
You know, I have a bunch of replicas that I've used as decorations, but don't really need anymore.  
The fuckers in NJ wrote the buyback rules that they couldn't be homemade.  N
Why do PDs need buyback programs? That is what pawn shops are for.

Fuck the government. Only the constitution matters.
The hero we deserve 
Apparently lawmakers have never heard of the law of unintended consequences
This man is a certified genius.  
Lol this owns.
**Boots up 3D printer**
Absolute Mad Lad 
Bahahhhhahaahaha 
Gun buybacks should be illegal for the government perform.

Should only be done by private companies
Props for innovation 
Not all heroes wear capes
American ingenuity at work
This man is a genius.
We're reaching levels of 2nd Amendment activism that shouldn't be possible folks.
Checkmate 😂😂
[If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention](https://youtu.be/FT4_Fefew
#YES
This isn't going to get the dimocrats what they are hoping for. *Many* dimocrats are in office solel
Good

Thank God
Bravo memaestro 
😂 Perfect
Complete piece of shit. I love that he’s getting all this hate. He deserves all of this and way wors
Wait until President number 46... that's 23 x 2.
Gj
Fucking Classic
Lost in Memeland
In regards to this meme, truth may end up being stranger than fiction. 
Even 4 weeks ago fake news BBC was telling us the protests were dying down which was an obvious, nar
Yellow vests in London live stream: https://youtu.be/meOGxagroAk
Im proud of the people of France 🇫🇷. I hope they storm macron.
Don't know if anyone else has noticed this, but Macron's presidency seems to be a steaming, festerin
I'm pretty sure this is week 9
Did any of the German leaks have any juice?  I figured some Paris Accord corruption tied to Macron w
Anyone know where exactly in Paris this is at? I was there the last few days and only saw some bank 
Sputnik is funded in whole or in party by the Russian government.

Thanks, YouTube, I know our own p
Next time display protests on billboards live?
the revolution will not be televised, they will try and keep it quiet.  this is JUST the beginning a
it just went dark
Heard it was over on the news, to my delight i saw some yellow vests protesting at the highway on th
first french revolution took 10 years 
I have always denied that my Mom is 1/2 French because I was so ashamed of what I saw as a weak peop
How pathetic is it that it probably hasn't been that safe to walk the streets of Paris since before 
I’ve never understood why here in this subreddit we support the yellow vest movement... 

They are l
Did the police join them? There were like 500 cop cars in the street all with their lights on and it
France used to be full of Warriors (medieval times) then in recent times they have grown more and mo
6-corporations-control-90-of-the-media-in-america

https://www.morriscreative.com/6-corporations-con
423:53 some good water bottle catching skills
lots of orange armbanders standing behind the police line. the ones that try to infiltrate the crowd
Why is BBC fake? I thought only US media was fake?
if youre waiting for the weekend to protest then I would say it is definitely over
FINALLY got my last Grail Gun; a Vector/Group Industries Uzi 9mm. Waiting for Form 1 for SBR and 10"
Because arresting Tommy Robinson worked so well for globalists.
Is he imprisoned in the Bastille? I’m asking for a friend
Uhhhhh Macron.... you do realize that’s going to make him a martyr... right?
> Drouet was detained while leading a commemoration of yellow vests who have died since the movement
This all reminds me of Ukraine in the worst way. 
This is going to get pretty dark...just a gut feeling. :-/
Jupiter's head may yet roll.
Remember what happened in every revolution in history when their leaders got imprisoned? Pepperidge 
God damn I hope the new leader is that goofy effer behind him.

That would be sweet.
Making them a martyr always works out great.
So State and Local Government can go after companies who decide to boycott Israel.  This is a priori
What if I want to protest their evil wall? 
Youre surprised?  Better not complain or get banned
Protect it from boycotts? 
I’m just over here wanting the wall built and for the HPA 2019 to be submitted and passed 
Just returning the favor for all those Israel payoffs that are laundried through US Jewish businessm
 Rubio needs to stick with his zip up boots and foam parties. I am pro Israel but not to the point t
Sounds like a fantastic idea to be honest.

How do you think the more radical lefty wing of the Demo
what's more, the internet WAYBACK machine at [www.archive.org](https://www.archive.org) is being pur
*Go deeper.*  I'm not even sure she's human after that beer drinking bit. 
Indians allegedly have five genders so technically he has a point.
Smoke Signals/Virtue Signals
"Step outside, and I'll show you a turkey sandwich!"
And computer memory is...
Nice side of beef you've got there. It's La'am! 
"Turkey is all inclusive,just general"
I thought it said “it’s Haram” at first. 
top kek
That's obviously a turkey sandwich, sir.
Lovely Spa'am
She'll sic the BLT community on you, watch out.
You got jelly on your shirt...
And Frodo's sidekick was...
man i got water coming out of my nose
That weirdo has won the internet for the month with all his material whether he likes it or not.
I want mine also!
With Dewine coming in I’d like a lot of 
changes to our state constitution , espec
They should have invited Obama, who could have lectured them on important BLM issues. 
Not really he got the animals off the street. Job well done the luck of the irish is with him.
The irony is that the composite sketch looked like talcum x, but it really was a black guy
Quickie 🤣
knock ya lights out on 5th avenue, let the pigeons pick at you
Scorched Earth.. after putting up with Obama for 8 miserable fucking years, scorched Earth..
It’ll be substantially worse than this picture. I’ve already warned my loved ones. 

If Trump is rem
That little shit would be hunted down - in my opinion
Native Americans called her out on it. She’s the one who lied and claimed benefits reserved for othe
Mittens is the Cream of Wheat of politics.
> # “That’s our Mitt, the opposite of Trump — flat, boring and kind of clueless,” he continued.

> *
Vanilla is too spicy for him. 
Californian here.  I pay $4.39 a gallon at the pump.  How is the rest of the nation paying $1.69
Traveled throughout NY, PA and WV during the holidays and saw nothing lower than $2.30 - $2.40 ish r
2.04 by me
I thought liberals we're donating money saved to the deficit???? 
Actually that was me.  -Obama
That D though.
Its the IMO though.... In short their regulations caused an increased demand of diesel. Combined wit
Fracking is great, isn't it? 
Nah they are enjoying paying 4 dollars per gallon ROFLS, these people are fucking insane. 
Shit, I wish. $3.00 here still. But I see you!!
There won't be handholds on the magnificent US steel fence stretching as far as the eye can see.
KEK
Tremendous climber, but not sending their best 
😂😂😂
This is spicy
HAHAHA
Ever see Jurassic Park?
~~American~~Mexican Gladiators
[Haven't you seen their training videos yet? Amazing stuff.](https://youtu.be/YMmESs1QLSM)
Don’t give them any ideas
Ded
Just don't put rocks in the wall
That kid is tough, its not easy climbing those walls.
Hilarious 
[removed]
Add another to the hoax list. 
I'm Russian and sometimes people accuse me of being a paid bot when I point this out, but Ukraine wa
looks like a pantyfa uniform...
Would love to see a translation.   Looks a whole lot like antifa
Proof of controlled opposition/coup?
That's moderate islam.
That’s more of an insult to wolves. Wolves are surprisingly political creatures due to their only th
When do we declare war on Islam?
Only so much room on the page. Trudeau's Canada comes bouncing right along behind Britain.
But look how happy they're making the wolf!
Omg lupiphobic /s
Let's just hope Europe's "shepherd dogs" can run away with the wolf.
I think term ur looking for is lupusophobe?  Scientific name.for wolf is canus lupis
I would would enter in only if I had a weapon
those Democrats... they do like to silence anyone with a different opinion, don't they?
> Today, Democrats are rightly laser-focused on picking a winner in 2020

This “laser” thing is just
Find other employment, because those jobs ain't coming back. That's what they've been telling us. 
So true. 
Fed workers work for ME and other hard working tax paying Trump loving Americans so FUCK NON ESSENTI
Government 'workers' living off the fat of the land. 
Fucking tired of these people using the working class like a political truncheon one second and then
I am tired of the poor gov workers bs now. 

Some can get back pay
Some can get unemployment 

They 
Or to illegal aliens 
My uncles used to get laid off all the time. Nobody cries for the roofers, and they bust their fucki
Very, very true!  Great point!
Because its a way to make trump look bad. THEY DONT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THEM AT ALL 
Brace yourself here come the ::::: Not all federal workers are lazy! Comments
They want to keep the spot open for Hillary.  
2019 will be all about watching the left eat themselves. I love it 🍿 
That's Cowboy Dr. GEOTUS "MotherFucker", V.S.G. to you kiddo
No question, the GEOTUS is one motherf*cker…!!!
Brotherfucker called Trump a motherfucker?  Maybe she meant it as a compliment.
VSGMGEOTUS

Very Stable Genius Motherfucking God Emporer Of The United States
It was inevitable a post would turn it around on them.
This kinda reminds me of "charging mah lazors"
Well, that’s not wrong! 

Lol

Melania is a mom and they probably... you know. 

>Fuck
I made a meme out of this and posted, but it got shadow banned right away. You want to try it and se
Nailed it!
Now all the racists look stupid
You can actually hear the sound of this story being swept under the rug. 
MURICA!
We went to the moon! Then we just stop?
No FRICKEN WAY!
We go farther, where no man has gone
Lol I’m so sad this is actually true
Accurate as fuck
Trump has ended almost as many wars as Obama started.
I hate that this is true. TDS is bad. 
Never watched the Oscars.
But Making Oscars Great Again would be a good thing regardless.
...
Were t
squid woman
Gang members use illegally obtained guns? Call for control of legal guns. Makes sense.  (btw, bad li
She’s trying to figure out what to do after a more attractive and more insane leftist has been elect
Stupid bitch
They want to drop off blank ballots for illegals to fill out, then come back and collect them later.
Belle's expression is pretty much how I feel about Dems these days.
100% true. They suggested drones as a weak "solution" because they realized Americans want the borde
Predator drones? 
I want drones on the border too... 

I'm picturing giant hexapods with a couple of mini guns and som
I posted this in /politicalhumor they don't seem to find it funny and never had so many downvotes so
Kek
Needs more soy for accuracy.  Sombody deflate Gaston's Biceps.
It’s because once they step foot on US soil they’re pretty much guaranteed a lengthy deportation tri
Will they be armed like Obama drones?
Gaston was pretty redpilled though.
You can turn Drones off anytime you want to allow drugs or human trafficking across the border. You 
Find them and route them to districts where Dem votes needed. 
I customized my profile for those fellers
I work for a manufacturing company that manufactures things right here in the USA.  We just saw the 
My company is surging HAM. We had 20 employees in '16. We are currently at 45 and have to move to a 
This is great.  Manufacturing is something that can flourish in small towns, exurbs, inner cities, t
My company was forced to raise everyone's pay last year because they had so many more job opportunit
But of course. NAFTA is dead, thus proving all of its critics right.
Work in manufacturing (toolmaker) and things have been incredible. We got a 4 figure bonus just for 
I work in manufacturing. Our company doubled in size in 2018 and doubled in revenue. More profits me
It was Clinton’s economy this whole time!!!1 /s
I enjoy posting reeeeeee.. it triggers liberals. Reeeee
Get the men/imposter women out of women’s bathrooms and women’s prisons.  And out of girls’ and wome
The absolute state of Western Civilization.
This is his current photo. I would not want this sexual deviant around proper women, even if it self
Uh. Yeah... This guy gonna rape again. Penis or not
Sure, no problem, we're going to start by inserting this drip and putting you under...
Send him to an all male prison 
How about just giving him a few doses of [shock treatment](http://magaimg.net/img/6zax.jpg) instead 
I'll do it for free. Anyone have a pair of scissors?
I'd say what I think should happen to this individual but I'll just get another two-day suspension. 
Why don't Democrats want the poor to get these services?
I think nearly every business in my city has a help wanted sign, unless you are physically or mental
Maybe these people will get out and get a job instead of living off of my taxes now.
Once again, the Democrats turn their backs on the poorest amongst us. If only they would approve $5.
SEVEN MILLION job openings available.
Well that might suck. I said it’s gotra hurt. Here we go 
I’m an ER doctor. I see so many people in their 20’s - 30’s on Medicare with complete bullshit disab
Would be great if the rationed them to those who actually needed them and then made that the process
Now reallocate those payments to the feds who are actually still working right now.
Not till March
As a watch dealer:
1. I love this watch
2. If anyone has questions feel free to ask me :) 
I have a decent watch collection and I’m always curious what people with basically unlimited budgets
That looks like the perfect watch to wear when declassifying FISA
Price?

I want one, do they come in a ladies style?
Love a Schaffhausen. 
It's really got that modern-classic time traveler look to it.
Presidential!
5:5
Was looking to see if he does...can’t find proof.  Price tag is about right though...
CD= Camp Delta??
Virus warning
>rescue boats

More like human traffickers. 
Too late. Theres already enough invaders to develop a breeding population.
Just another picture of a boat full of MEN
Shocked pikachu
"Hundreds of human smugglers out of work because of Italian far-right government."

&#x200B;
Now to increase those boat statistics back up, but going the other way.
look what australia did, rescued the poor refugees that managed to find $20000 each to go through 28
>Women accounted for 18% of them, it says, while nearly one in five said they were under the age of 
The BBC deserves to be burnt to the ground
The 'rescue' boats are part of the trafficking system. They go all the way to Libya and coordinate t
Not sharp enough. I had to honk at 4 "migrants" who decided to walk in the middle of the street toda
Women and children to the front .......  
Oceans work!
hahaha The BBC calls the lowest volume of refugees "Migrant Crisis" in the headline. 

No, lowest vo
Spain is gonna have issues. Portugal too. They don't have the economies necessary to last even 2 yea
Simply astounding, who could have possibly seen this coming!!!!
"To Tolerate it is to encourage it."  The wisest words I've ever heard.  They apply to almost everyt
Forza Salvini ❤
Italy built a border fence.  illegal immigration was reduced to Zero. (statistically.  +/- less than
Look at these poor women and children you heartless monsters..
My dream is for the US to cut illegal immigration by 92 % in 3 years and legal immigration by 80 %.
*Geee, ya think?*
Incentives, how to they work?
too bad Spain has no major groups opposing this (at least to my knowledge)
This happened in Australia. Right governed was in that turned away boats, so the immigrants threw th
There's less of them because they have all arrived already.
Well, who would have fucking thought this would be a thing.
Wow they finally figured this out?!?? 
B-but look at all those helpless women and children!
Policing in no longer possible in "white civilizations" when all the offenders are non-white and pc 
What they fail to realize is that at 70% tax rate, all of these rich people they are getting their m
Lol the 70 percent is an income tax. It only hits upper middle class tax donkeys, not the rich.
Nah. They'll just move to my state and fuck it up too. They are like a cancer.
Always remember "tippy top earners" actually means the upper end of the middle class because the act
You cannot tax your way into prosperity.
She has a point. Our failed system of government gives everyone a vote. The rich made a huge mistake
Same thing happened in Ancient Rome.
Lol at the Anderson Cooper face. "BUT MUH MILLIONZZZ"
How many of you out there have been offered a job by a poor person? What she and idiots like her can
Would an income tax really impact the super wealthy that derive most of their wealth increases from 
And so the slaves want to ensure that everyone is enslaved. People need to do some research on taxin
Really rich people don't get a paycheck like working schlubs. 
What is up with Ann Coulter? Is this real? Losing respect for her. 

Many “rich people” are small bu
That look on AC's face was pretty rich. Surely he knows this was the net benefit of propping up radi
This is so true.
They still won't pay. She is just saying all the right things to get elected. Do you think she will 
Tippy tops what a juvenile idiot. 
It's the middle class that will get taxed 70%
Cooper is lefty as hell but he doesn’t want this either look at his face. He’s actually disgusted. 
This is not a solution, Ann.
AOC isn't even from the Bronx tho. She was a privileged baby who then somehow became a bartender. 
That will never happen. That's the leftists dreams but it will become like Brazil

They will vote in
This woman exposes the utter ignorance of the average liberal every time she opens her mouth.
Let's not forget that Illinois wanted to introduce a tax on investments that pretty much wipes out a
Honestly, and bear with me...if the 70% thing happened we would quickly see all of the liberal elite
Let you in on a little not-so-secret secret.  Slavery is still very much a thing.  It's not keeping 
What cracks me up is that she’s saying this to Anderson Cooper who is a Vanderbilt haha haha!
So you're going to cut your nose off to spite the face?  Don't let this bullshit get a foothold.
As a bartender, she probably got a lot of tips from chatting up and flirting with people. Did she re
We've already got "renewable energy" it's called oil.
the only rich people i like are rich people who spend their entire life working to get it.

Example:
Fuck Ann to hell
Capri-None
Disrespectful juice.
Absolutely disgraceful! Pitiful!
Hey they can't do that, Britain still has a patent on opium wars
Indian here.. shits getting much worse..life for Christians is hard
Text “BORDER” to 88022
No. 
That gives PEOPLE control....the opposite of what government strives to do
I wonder if he made goofy faces when he killed his girlfriend?
These are great
People will unnecessarily die because of this decision.  


***PC Kills***
If you can't do the PRT then you fail the exam and you should not be allowed to have the job.
So sick of this garbage. Just like the military loosening up on the physical restrictions for branch
600 pound cops, no thanks. She didn't get discriminated against because she's a woman but because sh
Maybe these ladies should try the RENO sheriff's department.  Lt Dangle will take them.
Brings whole new meaning to the term “Pig”.
Criminals will love this
Looks like I'll be keeping a case of bribe Twinkies in my car for when Officer Diabetes pulls me ove
If the officer with one leg can do his job, others have to also: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOH
If you want to argue that the standards are higher than they need to be for the job, that's one thin
I have a funny story about a fat cop!  (I love and respect police officers.  But they are people, an
It's the marshmallow ma'am!
I’d hate to be a Hostess delivery driver right about now. 
LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!! What a fucking PIG
Literally every criminal in the country looks at a female cop and thinks "Free gun!" They're essenti
Remember when they say "no one needs a gun because the police will protect you", this is who they ex
*Will Win
FTFY
it's an older topic, but it checks out sir!  -Starwars.jpeg- 
Upvote for reviving two old topics.
Ahh, two months ago.....
I love the wandering ballot box!
Its kinda sad .. technically third world welfare seekers drag humanity down. We have less money for 
All karma outside of this sub is useless, you really need the approval of non-Americans or commies? 
Make a comment, get karma, then edit
Karma means nothing... 
Seriously - I was on reddit telling manchildren to grow the fuck up for a while and had a few hundre
Unibrowmer?
Tweezers not included.
No wonder they made women cover their faces before the invention of the razor blade. 
Give that dog a wax
101 uses for a table cloth...
Gender identification please.
Maybe the virgins im heaven have 2 eyebrows...
More like unibomber
During a shutdown/furlough,  "emergency essential" employees (or other exempt employees) cannot take
Here is an idea. How about if the airports handle their security like they used to before Bush used 
Jokes about CNN have hit mainstream. At this point, I think the vast majority of people see them as 
Enemy of the people
CNN wants to break down the security of the United States so someone crashes a plane into a build. 

I work at the airport. Nothing looks different. See TSA working in same numbers as usual. 
Alright sir, I just needs ta check inside yur asshole.
Remember when Obama eliminated the mandatory, rigorous air marshal pistol qualification course from 
This article was written by a manipulative moron who sought to speak with the most disgruntled emplo
[Link to article ](https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/homeland-security-official-labels-cnn-tsa-s
Damage is already.  Talking point already established, even if they did the retract the point was to
Can we get rid of this TSA grouping bullshit next please and thank you? 
TSA doesn't do shit, fire them all.
Buzzed through Boston in ten minutes this am.  Same as usual.  
Good Lord. Half of the TSA agents I come across can barely speak English.
If TSA is upset with CNN, can we get them to turn the damn TVs off? Or change the channel.  
Jeff Zucker is still not thrown in jail. Shocking.
I hope it’s getting more and more known out there that CNN is the enemy of the people.
Screw TSA. They rake in billions a year for shit. 
I will report on a couple airports today.

**CNN's report, which was based off of several interviews with unnamed TSA and union officials**

**
What situation
At DFW today. Lines empty. Scaremongering. 
The attempts to divide are so obvious.
remind me again how many terrorists the TSA have caught?

&#x200B;

oh, right, zero
Ah the old blue flu 
How about the airports stop airing fnn on theyre tv’s?
The root cause analysis though is that there would be no TSA if the government had done it's fucking
I have never seen a TSA screener do something useful.  It’s security theater, nothing more.

Let the
As a lifelong libertarian....the TSA ain't that bad. 

Gotta go take a shower now. Just saying, they
Tbh, I don't know about this one. I regularly travel for work and LGA isn't the best, but I've had t
Thank you TSA. Very cool 
They shouldnt get paid. The TSA is a violation of the 4th, and 10th Amendments.
uhhhhh I get dumping on airport security..its a joke around the world ,but CNN should have it's lisc
Fuck the TSA
Fuck security theater
Fuck em both
CNN's official response: "You can't do that!!!! We're guardians of the truth!!!! This is all Drumpf'
Side note... During a shut down, aren't essential services maintained? Isn't TSA an "essential" serv
The TSA is proven to be useless
Frankly, it's a bunch of statist thugs performing a a gov't paid job to violate my civil rights.

&#
That is honestly the fastest way to get rid of TSA. As soon as your hit the airlines in their pocket
CNN is done.

Nothing like wasting time and virtue signaling on the country's dime.


It will end exactly as expected.  
The award was cheapened. 
Then why was he given it then?   What did you base your decision on? 
Gee, ya think!? Took you 10 years to realize what the rest of us knew within 10 seconds of the award
Obama deserved that award as much as President Trump deserves to be impeached. 

Awarding the black 
On behalf of everyone on planet Earth, "Duh!"
Lol The Great Divider didn't even deserve his first nomination let alone a Nobel.
Why so sad droney? https://pics.me.me/desperately-missing-obama-a-drone-places-fresh-kill-on-steps-1
I imagine it's hung on Obama's wall and he can't help but let out a belly chuckle every time it catc
Wow, honest reporting from the BBC. I suppose a broken clock...


Lol, Ya think?! 
>Orders thousands more troops into the Middle East

>Immediately receives Nobel **Peace** Prize

See
Then rescind it. 
Ya think!  
Fuck this punk ass bitch. 

Actually, he can take comfort in knowing that he DID help Obama. Everyth
“...states that they are intention...”

Does that makes any fucking sense!? Proof read your shit, du
When* damnit
Actually the white house and monuments were built by slaves and non-slaves....
Direct. Subtle. Truthful. I like it. 
One day Private Confused wants to be gendered as a woman. The next day he/she decides he/she identif
If you're on medications, why should the military accept you?
Almost as if there's fifty or sixty years of legal precedent allowing the military to kick out the i
Well, the left doesn't want the mentally ill to have access to guns.  Seems like a win-win to me.
All those 10's of upset trannies cant join the military now, damn you drumpfffk! 😂🙄
You can't win a war, or protect a country, if the military is just a group paying $200,000+ to each 
The logistics of making this happen is staggering as well. But hey, its none of my business. ;)
Jesus Christ! She is f*cking ugly!! 😨

Post could use a warning that this desert yeti has a photo in
She also feels "Palestinian". 
This is why, if someone wants to read that kind of stuff and to reduce their brain to mush, they can
I don’t think having sex with moms qualifies as a high crime or misdemeanor.
More like r/leftpolitics
I think all the women at the Huffington Post are cunts and I say it out loud.  
That is one ugly woman. Inside and out.
Inbred gremlin genetics.

I wonder if she flinches when she looks in the mirror in the morning. I su
China kicked US tech out. In order to get back in, tech has to demonstrate a real time ability to ce
So like Nazi Germany taking after the Segregationist Democrats, then?
so the left was right about the US being full of fascists, they just didn't realize it was themselve
It's time for the Federal Government to break up the Big Tech. 
https://twitter.com/JackPosobiec/status/1081575145460940800?s=19
Criticizing the ChiComs is a major no-no for the technocratic globalist oligarchy. 

See: Alex Jones
Hahahaha don’t sugar coat it man tell us how you really feel
That's President Trump to you, boy.

I suspect President Trump has always known he'll need to use mi
Ok. Got through most of the article but lagged when the author seems to succumb to the idea that the
I want to hang out with Matt Fuller.

“So this is the way the world ends,” HuffPost congressional re
Lots of excuses, but at the same time.. as a member of this group, I do see some valid points. I thi
These writers think they can figure it all out in a rambing muse, but they never get to the real pro
This is exactly the type of thing that led me to T_D in the first place. What happened to western so
Great wall, we should copy them!
Should duel citizens hold this much power?
Comedy is typically at the forefront of cultural shifts. Amateur/semi-pro comedy doubly so. 

Source
People are waking up!
Taking jabs at the President and his supporters has become stale, boring and predictable. The late n
There is a wealth of untouched comedy gold. 
A little late, but I’m unsure if you’ve heard of Sam Hyde and his troupe, Million Dollar Extreme. Th
Leftist "comedians" don't even get laughter.  They get clapter.

They get up there and say "White ma
I've said it since early 2016, baby: Donald Trump is the head of the new counter-culture. 
Conservatism is edgy counter culture now
Where are you located?  Seems kind of farfetched for NY/LA.
This is good to hear. I remember when comedians were funny. Maybe those glory days aren't out of rea
Comics have always had a ‘duty’ to call out the truth. 

For the majority of history they were the o
i wish this sentiment was true in the literature community but it just gets more and more cucked, co
will be interesting to see how far this goes.   


it won't ever happen at the Colbert, Conan, John 
NPCs don't go to comedy clubs because they aren't programmed to have a sense of humor

the only time
You’ve hit a nerve with the downvote brigade
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi
We have humor on our side. It makes sense if people are tapping into it.
What’s your grid?  Can’t be in Manhattan it some other leftist cesspool. 
I appreciate the comedians who hold and push the line.  I've stopped listening to a few of the large
Hey guys, whats the deeeeaaaalll with these globalist?  Right? 
Thank you for sharing this!
What state are you performing in? 
Conservatism is the new counter culture.
Meanwhile, Amy Schumer:

&#x200B;

"I'm fat, muhh vagina, cocks up my ass!"
Trump jokes and satire can be great. Late night comedy is just GLOMPFFFFFF LOL and little more.  
  
I saw Tom Segura here in Ft Myers 4 months ago and he asked before his show if we were a bunch of PC
Something better happen quick, banning pronouns is a thing, not long before you can't be critical, e
Democrats have done their best to destroy humor.

I guess it's because most of the time they are the
Great post, comic Pede!

Mark Twain fully understood use of comedy to unmask truths people might not
But here's the question: where are you? This in tennessee is different than it happening in new york
<3 Keep fighting - you are one the front lines in the Culture War! <3 
Oh, if George Carlin was still around, he'd be having a damn field day. 
Much of comedy is telling a truth that everyone else is afraid to say.  

That's why the distortions
I remember every open mic comedian in hollywood would start their set with a " feel the bern" lol so
Same here! I was telling a guy from Texas on the gondola while I was skiing all the racists I’ve met
Keep in mind that 'journalists' and the pundits on TV are the far left. There are very few mainstrea
I just flew in from Davos and boy are my arms tired 
I give a lot of credit to Owen Benjamin and Steven Crowder for this to. 
Things needed to be balanced. It's just the way things need to be. Trump 24/7 baby!
[Louis CK's leaked set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8Nc3x_TkF4&lc=z22jehpp5wajxjgksacdp43awd44y
I hope you will join me in screaming "WAX MY FEMALE SCROTUM" at the end of your sets
What city are you in? I’d love to check out this open mic. 
Kids in the hall made fun of sjws decades ago , I would love to see stand up/sketch comedy genre bro
What city tho?
That’s it. It’s time for me to do an open mic night in LA. I can’t let losers dominate music and com
I cannot stand it when I pay to see a stand up show and the act is Trump jokes and white jokes. I pa
Well I hope this happens to you:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLWhtxu0HJM
I never understood how comedians could overwhelmingly support an ideology that would end up censorin
I saw a show a few weeks ago and the comedian was asking wtf woman we're thinking. They had it made,
That pede needs to do a Dry Bar comedy special!
this gives new meaning to 'stand up' comedian. MAGA
Do you ever perform in Portland, OR, or Vancouver,WA? Would love to see a fellow pede doing stand-up
This is refreshing to hear, and thanks for sharing pede!
Interesting.

I am part of the comedy "scene" here in Los Angeles

I am curious, u/comedianoob  wher
I can't believe they've missed the opportunity to lightheartedly poke at the President on SNL, etc..
As a sit-down comedian I have noticed the same, but not enough of it.
Do note, your experience could be regional.  As much as CNN likes to pretend all of America is fille
I loved you in Jumanji, Mr. Hart
Any names of good conservative comedians?
Wish we could see some of it.  That type of material doesn't get any nationwide airplay, as I'm sure
A coworker of mine had one of her shows on at work; I think it was in 2014 or 2015, before she start
But the MSM just reported on TV that their numbers were down and the movement is fizzling out.

Hmmm
Tear it down and rebuild for the better!
Great proposals. Show the people they are the Nation's enemies 
Shut it down forever, theyve done nothing at all to help America.
We actually grew our own years ago.  Perhaps start again 
The best popcorn I've ever had. [Fishers Popcorn](https://fisherspopcorn.com)

They support our troo
Pepe remembers
John Brennan is in mourning 
Praise allah! One more evil motherfucker sent to hell. 

The world is a little bit better place, and
Right after Trump was elected, there were a bunch of "protestors" in NYC that marched around Trump t
Pelosi:  "I reject your science.  There's too many facts and stuff."
We need to donate money to ICE and CBP people 
I’m all for getting rid of religious symbols and shit on public land and having 100% separation from
I'd venture that every last one of the dead this monument commemorates would have no problem with it
The wall will be built. 

And no, you may not ass us a question. 
Hey Jim, when you killed your girlfriend, did you feel guilty???
Soo if I’m reading this right-

Northern Ireland is similar to Australia... but with more teeth?

So
Forgetting Canada... 
Where’s the trans, “Canada”?
Then she went on to be a rock star and supported the rest of the family for the rest of her life.
I’ll take one of each please
Don't have a good image editing tool to get the longer definitions, but the verbs for both are good 
Try to explain to a democrat that money is fungible.  Good luck.
Acucksta already downvoted this 
My cash back rewards from my credit card are in fact not, from using my credit card at all. 
But, but, .... that’s my stapler. 
Grassy ass
Is there anywhere we can read the deal?
Lol, can’t wait to see what kind of Mental gymnastics they make up to get out of this one!
Reeee
Wrong meme. 
She fears it because they absolutely 100% are going to. 
Send AF2
You know what, might be a unpopular opinion but too damn bad. 
Everything is fine.  Nothing to see here world.  France is fine, Macron is fine.  Carry on with your
They mean business. Macron must be pooping his panties.
Now that’s something
Omg... God be with them.
The real resistance movement. 
*Storming of the Bastille, 2018, colorized*
Oh goody, the French Revolution, Part Deux.
 ♪ "He tried to kill me with a forklift!" ♪
Trump's impeachable offense?

He won an election rigged in Hillary's favor. 
Recall Mitt Romney! He lied to the electorate and made promises he has no intention of keeping!
There should be a ghost of McCain possessing them from purgatory. 
🌶️🌶️🌶️ **Moar Spice of the Day!** 🌶️🌶️🌶️

[https://www.reddit.com/r/The\_Donald/comments/actq4t/the\
Flake’s horn is too straight 
Liberals are all like “save the animals”, “climate change is real”, and “the last White Rhino passes
Both are Mormon. I’m not anti-Mormon, but does their church dislike the Trump policies and like the 
Far-left republicans. 
I hate Romney and I belong to the same church.
Why can't these RINOs be endangered rather than the other kind?
NEVER ever trust Romney. 
Should have been McCain instead of The Flake.
If I were Martha McSally she needs to stay the hell away from Romney and the Flake in her re electio
Giving each other the secret palm poke handshake ....
Maybe it's time for the Senate to open an investigation into Pelosi's office employing a Chinese spy
Maybe it’s just time for a royal rumble cage match. Top 100 in Congress stay, the rest go.
Yeah she thought that one up while in one of her drunken stupors. 
>Perjury 

Hillary Clinton: “Hold my beer”
All these career criminals are so smug and feel so insulated from any justice, I hope POTUS can brin
Clickbait article....
Amazing how this will put more money in my future family’s pockets.  Thank you Nancy! 
True:

https://www.bitchute.com/video/E5t9US49dDdw/
#INFOWARS
Yeah but it's only against white countries. So it's ok. /s
Why does nobody use immigration to flood countries like Somalia?
Countries, not nations.

The people are not the State.

should freeze his assets n money as much as possible, sell his assets n keep all the money then buil
What's this about someone who can only be Justin Trudeau's kid brother?
This is what liberals don't get.  Communism just shifts the power and wealth even more to people in 
Communism: All for me, and none for thee.
Would of loved to post this in r/redacted but I'm banned.  Im sure Id be told how its not real commu
So is that Trudeau's half nefew? 
Aw, shit... Two scoops for Breitbart!
I should start a wall building company.
BuT a CaNaDiAn WaLl iS RaCiSt!
Yeah, stop sending us your friggin' Haitians.
The Snow Mexican s will get a wall too. All the refugees and ISIS fighters they take in.
Love it? Two(hundred thousand upvotes)
Is this after the first is extended through California?
Check this out on the UniParty and Ben: https://twitter.com/RoscoeBDavis1/status/1080586426440450048
I guarantee Jim Carrey has sex dreams about Donald Trump
This is the work of a seriously demented person.
Lefties are still whining about the two scoops?
I wonder how many hours out of each day that Jim Carrey thinks about President Trump's nipples?
at least he got the 2 scoops right.
Orange man bad 
Totally sick and perverted person. How was he ever viewed as a funny guy?
Imagine the process and time put into this... crazy levels of TDS
Rent Free 
TDS LIVING IN THEIR HEADS
Jim carrey is not going to be in any movie in the future, ever. Who will cast him.. knowing that hal
First of all, he’s not a good artist. Second, he’s trying way too hard.
#RENT FREE
millions of Americans disliked obama but never saw a grown adult throw a tantrum like these crazy li
You need to pass a psychological test to even be considered. You need complete and total mental stab
They shouldn't be in the military, they belong in a mental health facility. 
The winning list is long and getting longer
Good. Why defend handing guns to a group that has something like a 47% suicide rate. And we'll send 
too bad other courts disagree.

we will win at scotus. pretty soon they will annouce  that theyll he
Thank God for that, having a bunch if suicidal she-males is definitely not a step in the right direc
Hey! I know! You know how transgender people have a suicide rate of over 40%, demonstrating a severe
There’s many things that transgender people can do but surviving in combat zones without their hormo
THANK YOU!!!!

Now can we get women out of combat roles?

Literally fucking ISIS sends their women i
Reeeee
They have every right to serve. Banning capable people from doing that is wrong in every way way. Pe
God damn Eucalyptus 
"Logging won't stop wildfires- so just let that wood **burn**, *without using it to make something u
Let me guess, something something global warming
Murderer face...
Pelosi hands down
I'm Shocked! SHOCKED I tell you!   ==> (I'm not)
"almost all of the single refugees availing of the scheme are young men."
Huh, virtue signaling is worthless.  Who woulda thunk it!
Please sign our petition, it's non binding. You're just signing your name to something you don't bel
Its god emperor actually
If Dudism is a recognized religion, surely we can make KeK a recognized religion! I’ll even sign up 
KeK is the religion... and we are the clerics
If we add concealed carry like Sikh's carrying a knife I'm in. 
Ok, someone find an r/ domain to start. I have a plan.....
Deuskek is open. Make it so.
I don't want to be a buzzkill, but lefties are not charged with hate crimes.
Don’t forget his “Binders full o’ women”. Lol
Obama built that. 
Try the taco salad!  
Great picture. Haven't seen a night shot before. What a beautiful place. Very fitting for our awesom
Trump is great. Trump is great. Trump is great. 
Did you go in? I’ve never felt more welcome in my life than in trump tower. 
Remember when President Reagan was mocked for his age?

Pelosi is older than he was when George Bush
Her face just looks wrong like the muscles are misfiring.
That, xir, is no lady.
Exactly why this is great for us.

She's going to drive the Dems right off a cliff. All we need to d
IT’S HER TRUTH! SHE BELIEVES IT! FACT!
That's what happens when you give unlimited taxpayer funded booze and pills to a degenerate 
[George E. Clinton](https://mm-group.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/GeorgeClinton_01.jpg)
fact rejection
Sh has progressed BEYOND senility, she is in a heavily doped up hazy alzheimers dimension. 
Nobody cares about that, because she has taken such good care of her family.
Excellent time to downsize government through attrition 
If people don't get their tax returns, that's not going to sit well on the Dems. I'd be a little ups
Trump will be re-elected no problem because he is the only person doing any work in Washington. Repu
They want to bankrupt our country, destabilize our security and make government employees suffer thr
They are doing this...over a portion of the budget... OF WHICH THAT AMOUNT OF MONEY HAS PROBABLY ALR
Trump is willing to go down as the worst president, if it means fulfilling his promises and doing fo
Locals are already getting into a fit about even the possibility of not getting their tax money on t
I think the Dems plan is too drag it out until people are screaming, and then they will move with im
The SHOULD be working on larger immigration reform! The whole point is that we need a secure border,
So does this mean Trump can downsize the gov't if parts of the gov't not running have zero effect on
Donald J. Trump: Address On Immigration
August 31, 2016

http://web.archive.org/web/20170428135839/h
What about illegal immigrants that came as adults?  You can’t deport them all, but you can’t put the
Amazing!
Imagine a Congress that supported his ideas and aJudicial branch that followed the Constitution !
Wo
Freedom boner damn near made me pass out. 
Trump 2020 !!!!!!
No joke, it almost brings a tear to my eye. God bless this man for all that he does for this country
Pop pa
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
..and .there it is..sanity and reason prevail.........
Damn what a great video about an absolute legend.   
She finally combed her hair.
Now that there is perfection. Top marks. 

Compromise time: instead of a wall, just have Nancy fly h
wow.....not gonna be able to sleep tonight. 
He is just a bitter old fool who knows his days are numbered. Those who scream the loudest have the 
Lol.  Bad Grandpa was genius? Have you seen this asshats last ten movies?  Unwatchable.  Good Fellas
Pedo
Godfather II used to be one of my favorite movies.  Alas, no more.
He’s a clueless moron.  Has no idea what’s happening anywhere but NYC.
De Zero? Sounds like a french ratings poll on Macrones leadership skills!
I think the lesson here is that in order to be a good actor, you either have to be a genius (like Ja
He’s a horrible actor and human being.  Enough said.  Move on
i would never watch a movie with him in it anymore. Last movie I watched of his that I liked was "Me
relevant username
🖕🖕🏻🖕🏼🖕🏽🖕🏾🖕🏿

Eat a bag of dicks, liberals.
👏👏🏿👏🏻👏🏾👏🏼👏🏽
👌👌🏻👌🏼👌🏽👌🏾👌🏿👌🏿👌🏾👌🏽👌🏼👌🏻👌
Upvote from me. I'llatch the sentiment.  Let's everybody give the NPCs a salute that they deserve. 🖕
$.05 for each post and after 500 you get a Starbuck's gift card!
The local theater in my town has a wall of fame over its bar, showcasing some of their most famous p
Some even carry hot sauce with them at all times and even admit to pandering for the black vote. 
White liberals are counterintuitively more aware of the differences between human subgroups than con
Gee no wonder they do affirmative action based on race and not wealth, because the “dumb blacks are 
Watching democrats try to unite people they, at the same time are constantly and aggressively dividi
"Pardon me Holmes.....". 
- Clark Griswold
Gonna paraphrase CS Lewis in this one (might be him):

Even tyrants have limits. At times there will
I have a lefty friend that speaks much louder when she speaks to Asians. 
We are commodities brokers, William. Now, what are commodities? Commodities are agricultural product
I always thought it was a momentary lapse in thinking they were smarter than everyone. 

Liberals ar
I personally see this behavior from a particular overly liberal coworker daily...
*Only* when they talk to black people?
"Contends" not "finds"
In other news water is wet. 
Blacks have always been the most easily manipulated race out there, very few actually ever escape th
Notice the use of “contends” rather than the more usual “finds”, which would have surely been used i
Wrong take.

Everyone is a race realist including white liberals.
White elitist liberals dumb themselves down when talking to anyone they feel is inferior, change my 
When they go to modern Marxist colleges*
The left devouring its own like usual.
Pathological altruism.  

It's like mental HIV/AIDS.  Shuts down the hosts immune system from foreig
I mean how else are they going to understand?
Hello fellow "brothers"
I mean... are they really dumbing themselves down? They’re pretty dumb to begin with. Hash tag dunni
They're not dumbing themselves down they're just dumb
Quelle surprise. 

When you treat an entire race as oppressed, uneducated, poor and in need of finan
[Related post here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/aczn5x/resemblance_coincidence_i_t
Priceless 
Top Kek!
“It looks like a T to you, but on my planet it is a symbol of a wall”
Seems like we’re almost better just doing without the teachers and figuring something else out.
That 22% is with the newer testing too; if you went back to the REAL (generations ago) testing, prob
Future voters for the DUmmie party. 
Time to tax the martians
100% human fault. Please buy my solar cells and electric cars now please. Oh and let me pass this ri
It’s aliens!


 /s

Maybe, just maybe, now hear me out, that that big yellow orange mega fusion reactor that lights up t
Duh! Of course it’s manmade.
Haven’t you ever heard of John Carter!?
.... and that's just the effect of a couple of robots, imagine what all the cars are doing!!11 reeee
Fucking gas stations that label unleaded green. DIESEL IS GREEN! Had to drop my tank and drain it on
I think you meant #respict 🤔
The Trump-wand
F  God Bless Obama
Say thank you 
Thought that was diesel for a sec
I propose Elect the MotherFucker no censorship, because we believe in the 1st amendment.
time to downvote his shit i guess
I just want to see pictures of dogs not leftist monkeys.
This is so sad; Alexa, play The United Stat
Is being a motherfucker a high crime or misdemeanor? 
My favorite comment on the spammers posts in r/WTF :

Two years too late. He's already gone
Welp , we need to get fixin', luckily trump is doing something.
Reading further they also advertise FAKE CHILD GENITALIA and Call them “prosthetics” .... wtf is sho
God help us all. Where did we go wrong? Obama?
I see it coming. It's going to be a 'virtue' feast of global proportions and it will be grand. 
Inb4 no eye protection. I was just sighting in the new red dot and forgot to bring glasses. I also n
Boycott Israel. 
#AND OF FUCKING COURSE IT'S CHUCK SCHUMER

^^^ohgawd
Watch them trip over their feet in a rush to pass it through in .03 seconds.
To learn who rules over you
Ignore the haters.  I love it just the way it is.  
Excuse you, bombs are actually dangerous.
Matches with red MAGA hats would have been better.

She’s a beaut, Clark. 
SJWs are spreading their cancer everywhere. A kid can’t just watch a fun show without SJW indoctrina
A feminist in Afghanistan??? Lol, stand by for beheading...
I thought a writer also said that Bert and Ernie WERENT GAY
Didn’t the guy who does Elmo turn out to be a pedophile?
Seems like an odd combination. Feminists from Islamic nations are the first ones to rip off the hija
Sesame Street is cucked. Fuck that garbage. Full of pedos.
Actually sjw and not just liberal? Probably about 1995.
I watched Pinwheel as a kid.

&#x200B;

Fuck this noise.

&#x200B;
Next thing ya know Cookie Monster is going to be yelling at GameStop employees
When it went to HBO.
A feminist Muslim?!
Deranged 
Mr. Hooper would have never let any of this shit in his neighborhood.
Afghan women typically have to wear a full burqa (beekeeper/ninja suit) because of the Taliban, so g
SJWs are all about:

* appearances
* titles
* identities
* ethnic origin
* superficial differences
The episode where Zari is gang raped and stoned to death by residents of Sesame Street for being too
Hank Hill: Don't point your finger at me, woman. You're the one who parks him in front of the TV and
Nah there is some pretty based Sesame Street content being made still.
Gonna be weird when Zari is killed!
Fact
Now that's some wholesome MAGA. 


Real smile.  Not a photo op.  Impossible to fake.
hey fuckin creepy joe biden, see how we are able to see both Trump's hands, and he isn't sniffing th
Afterward, Trump asked what you what to be when you grow up?  She replied not Hillary...
That's because a cartoon frog manages to get more male attention then the creepy purple haired girls
Plot twist: She's HansAssholeSolo
Trump is well aware of pepe. I'm sure they are good friends. Very kind of him to humor her though. 
I like when my elected officials are NOT groping children. Very refreshing to see!
The girl is one of his grandchildren. DTJr. has an Instagram and posts stuff with his kids a lot. Sh
I like how he's not burrowing into her neck smelling her little girl soul like Biden does. 
This is just a cute, wholesome picture.

The caption makes this a hundred times cuter.

Notice how Trump's hands is not all over that girl?

Biden would be sniffing her.
It funny to notice he isn't feeling that girl up like [creep joe biden](https://youtu.be/DwXweiRjckI
Notice the most crucial thing not in the video. No creepy Biden bad touch.
A kid would probably get suspended for Pepe memes these days. I had family members shouting at me on
very wholesome maga 
Notice he isnt smelling her hair and he keeps his hands to himself?
Looks like her parents are raising her right :)
Just the sweetest of memes ever.
Priceless!
Bahahaaaa
KEK
My God the fucking impact font 
played this meme game styled after cards against humanity tonight.

Lost every round but Pepe.

Also
One non-disputable claim you can make about the president: He's genuine. 
Wow you can really see a difference between him and oh, I don't know, *Joe Biden*!

I'd let Trump ba
Would be a much different picture if that was Biden.
That smile is real, it's been a while since I've seen one of those in the oval office.
“They just don’t get it”
My 9 and 12 year old daughters LOVE Trump and Pepe
I love this meme, GEOTUS truly is great
"Creepy purple haired girls"

You mean your teachers?
Great picture.
[Original pic](https://womenvotesmartpac.com/wp-content/uploads/girl_pink_jacket_REUTERS_1500x936.jp
OMG WHAT A BIGOTED POST.

WHAT ABOUT TEAL?

\#TEALHAIRMATTER
This is such a beautiful picture. Whats wrong with the left he is a great man.
"Purple haired '*Girls*' you mean, " said Trump.
i want to know why his grandchild calls him President Trump
So why do liberals hate Pepe? Sorry I'm late to the party.
Girls, Reeeeeeeeeeeeeee
President Trump to Little Girl: "Yes, I know Pepe very well. I lurk in r/The_Donald...a sub full of 
Wow. A leader who isn't kissing children and trying to feel their pre pubescent breasts. Wheres Joe 
Anyone have the picture without caption?
who is "we" she is referring to, because she doesnt look like she spends a lot of time on 4chan
Strange boomer content
Trump: "That frog is my son."
It's marginal at that age, hating people for the colour of their hair.
[removed]
National insurance is not health insurance, it's primarily for state pension benefits (>90% of the f
They’re not rational.
True.  Good to call out obvious lies ('walls don't work') and obvious flip-flops (clips of pols supp
They routinely reject facts. What do you do when that happens? 
If it's time to bury them, it's time to dig them up.
Disgusted by this whole situation here in Jersey... 
Wait fuck, now I need to see what’s going on. Luckily I live in Utah and we can pretty much drive ar
I hope Timmy makes sure to pack it in grease and wraps it really well.  Fat PVC pipe with caps on bo
I had to quickly remove the "it floats!" tag from my new soft case. Would have saved the gun when it
Thanks a lot, North Jersey.
Fuck the TSA. security theater. 
**Tweet Trump is referring to:** More [~~#~~**FakeNews**](https://twitter.com/hashtag/FakeNews?src=h
[**LINK TO TWEET FROM @SpoxDHS**](https://twitter.com/SpoxDHS/status/1081334144980930560)
ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! 
Text “BORDER” to 88022
Haha is this real
Stable Genius 
I don’t think I recall hearing the remarkable quote “the wall just got 10 ft taller”. 

To hear it r
Time traveler?

Confirmed. 
I don't even care who pays for it.  I just want it built!
There's a real good chance NONE of your ancestor's ever owned slaves. Most Americans ancestors didn'
Speaking of which ... why should people whose ancestors have no connection to slavery, and happen to
At the height of slavery 6% of the population owned slaves, meanwhile slavery is more prominent now 
Neither side of my family even came to America until after the Civil War. If my family ever owned sl
Whites didn't start slavery. But they went to war to end it, sacrificed millions of their lives in t
Your argument should be different. The moment you get collective guilt you take the collective achie
Just more liberal projection. Its just another fart in the wind, don’t even think about it. 
Because colonial oppression?

Am I doing that right? Trying to get a grip on their fucked up reasoni
Slavery is used against Americans (in different ways against black and whites) the way Nazi's are us
Is this a good time to point out that blacks owned slaves in the US also?

https://en.wikipedia.org/
White are the only ones to ever outlaw slavery. 
Last race to adopt slavery.

First to abolish it.

OMG WHITEZ ARE THE DEVIL for slavry
So, my grandma told me people in my family owned slaves. She also told me the tax records show the v
Slavery was abolished 102 yrs before i was born. I dont owe anyone shit
Muzzies owned and castrated their slaves. Black, white, every color under the genetic rainbow for mu
and the middle east- and china- and parts of india- and the DPRK- and parts of central + south ameri
Also I'm fucking Irish and my ancestors didn't come over to the United States until the start of the
Exactly ....no guilt !
[removed]
Some black people sold other black people to some white people, and all white people are supposed to
How can you say slavery is eradicated in the western world?

What do you call someone who can't vote
Goro looks different
Never seen a woman with a receding hairline like that
When they put Dolezal in jail for welfare fraud and she slowly fades back to her natural whiteness d
Everyone on this post is now dumber for having looked at it
r/Justfuckmyshitup
List it.
Well, it’s nice to see the Borg queen is still in the process of assimilating over there.
Hey aint that the white black chick?
She is all kinds of fucked up, judging by this Wikipedia entry https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachel_
In America, there are rights that you have as an owner of real estate, one of which is the right of 
Somewhat unrelated but any pedes of East Asian decent being told your opinions on diversity issues d
Can any and all "undocumented house guests" move into Schumer's place and then enrich themselves wit
I lock my houses every night. Come at me lefties. 
Calls an Asian a white supremacist. 
I like the "there are only 2 genders" version a lot
Real talk. I think it's surging in popularity because as a nation we are celebrating weakness and it
Ouch!!!!!!!! Rex barks the truth!!
Shots. Fired. 
Truth.
Good doggo
Based Rex 
Nuclear fucking warhead of truth right here. 
Stupid.  Gender dysphoria is a real condition.  Dont be like OP.
Bullshit, transgender is a real medical condition caused by a difference in brain structure. For exa
Let people be who they want to be. Wear what they want to wear. Say what they want to say.

If that 
Why are there at least four degrees of child molestation?
Here’s the link to the actual document. Not a shit post. 

https://bloximages.newyork1.vip.townnews.
What the actual f*k? Are people there even aware of this?? Outrageous. Why would anyone ever agree w
Is this another Soros owned DA?
Mr. Bell. I believe this is the same guy that fired 3 state prosecutors because they couldn't get a 
Oh its going to get much worse than this.

&#x200B;

My friend is a Saint Louis cop. They say that a
Is this reall? Wtf
Lived in Saint Louis for many years. Great city, weak, low energy people. It was appalling how many 
Wesley Bell.  Seems like a real peach.

Has the cuck problem glasses look down pat.

[https://en.wik
I support decriminialization of failure to pay child support. 
Either enforce the rule fully or don'
"A person commits the offense of child molestation in the fourth degree if, being more than four yea
Anything to make the outcomes of groups the same. This will only make the outcomes vastly worse in t
Liberalism is a disease
Another step towards the normalization of pedophilia. 
I support the decriminalization of not paying child support part though, it is a civil matter. The r
St.Louis went FULL democrat...
The group that got this man elected "Color of Change" takes Soros money and was founded by Van Jones
PLEASE TELL ME THIS IS A PARODY.

send in the goddamned military
This DA is wildly confusing decriminalizing horrible crimes as 'mercy', or he's an evil man looking 
Is rape 2nd degree like 2nd degree murder? If so, why is that necessary?
Democrats gon' democrat.
Sounds like St Louis has a Sharia-compliant prosecutor.
Look, the people of St Louis voted for this, it's what they wanted.

By people I mean their long dea
WTF is he thinking?
How do people like Bell end up in positions of power?   It is not a novel or untried policy to ignor
This can't be real?? 
St Louis is the armpit of the United States. A filth-filled sweat fest surrounded by 3rd world commu
Guess where all the pedos and rapists will be moving to?
Well this explains everything here. Now we need to drain the FDIC.
The government should never have that kind of power.  By merely existing it is begging to be abused.
Get one of the 300000 new jobs Trump has created!
It won't hit small businesses.

Let those welfare parasites starve. Let's see how effective their 'r
Looking forward to the food stamp riots burning out a few democrat run shitholes. 
Obama's shutdown hurt me more. Working for defense they cut down my hours for 8 weeks because of the
People want to act like the government's never been "shut down" before, or that this time around has
Theres a lot of crumbs out there, people will step in.
And Trump will accept a CR that only covers food stamps if this is truly the case. Dems will then be
Poor child. I hope this deters other shitty parents from the same mistake. 
Did anyone not put this together?
Jakelin Caal’s family was trading her to the cartel for coyote debt. Better that she died than live 
Children are tools to them, to be used to drum up support via the media and to leverage for better c
Not literally
Why would the mother not go? This doesn’t pass the smell test at all!!!
Well.. figuratively.
*that’s how mafia work*
Compassionate conservatism is based on the assumption that by evening applying rules less tragedy wo
But we already knew this even before the mother said a word.....Los Angeles pede, it's an up close l
I posted this when the original spate of stories broke:

My cynical intuition is suggesting that thi
I'm new here, how is Obama linked to this?
Child abuse
Way to exploit your kid!
Sobs? Or ***BUSTED!***
Take my quote. Copy any section of words from it and type something like “the girl won’t come back” 
Eh he is more like a badass looking Romney than maga. Not impressed
Keep an eye on him. No pun intended ;) I have some concerns which I will voice only if he does what 
snek
we do

and two more words:

Stephen Miller
He makes me moister than an oyster. 
We absolutely have the best Alpha Men, folks. 
Hubba hubba
Argh, he can plunder me booty any day 
He’s not a senator he’s a congressman.
I second that emotion 😍🥰
A total babe.  Gorgeous.  But then, I like alphas.  Positively allergic to the betas.
He’s been exposed. 
[removed]
I'm getting Solid Snake vibes with this man every time.

Solid Snake was also a man of great princip
He needs to step up and prove himself with some hard maga shit.  Until then, he is a shade better th
You need to preface it with “no homo” 👌🏽
No children no care for uncle Biden. 
KEK!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 It never ends here at t_d
That's wonderful, Jim!  Gosh, we are running out of refrigerator magnets.
From Jim's Twitter:

"As the orange man bad is bad, but is he orange? He's bad and orange and man, b
The difference between the truth and a lie is that a lie has to be believed for it to exist.
Churchill was such an interesting fellow, he kept a special zip up suit next to his bed  so he could
The lead democrat states that she rejects facts.

What else do you need to know?  

Just one thing..
This would be bloody as hell if they weren't disarmed. God bless the French and their fight against 
Frogs are jumping.  Take your country back France!
We like messing with him.
No. He's still a cuck.
Love this meme. Thanks for bringing it back. 
Spez: love not live.
Title by u/sharkshockeygirl
It’s the triggered boy! 
Gold Pede 👍
*False Sunshine of the mindless liberal
# So this proves that everyone wants a wall but some of them hate President Trump so much that they 
Those 7% are illegal aliens 
Those 7 percent are the cucks that control the DNC, their wives, and their bulls
They actually said “no problemo”.
Even at 7%, I have to think what the fuck is wrong with these people. 
That 7% includes the entire Dem Party leadership.
They all work for the DNC.
Those would be the Americans who own roofing companies, Landscaping companies, Janitorial services, 
Awww the downvote brigade from mommies basement is kicking tonight 
Still such a funny gif! 
Lmao!
CNN is all you need to know.

(Yet, what they do is take favorability-unfavorability to get a number
Fake News.
That’s for the morons who only read headlines. 🙄
Most folks only read headlines and run. This is partially why fake news is propagated so easily,  an
Watch it, OP. You are committing a thoughtcrime.
Globalism. 
Thats the question that shakes us conservatives to the core. Did we take our eye off the ball for to
Over last 100 years, the left came to own schools and education, media (until Rush ushered in talk r
Those people still exist.  It's just that none of them run the government, the media, or the educati
Soy in the food chain 
SUMMERSLAM 1993!!! Honestly when an American is wrestling a Japanese everyone’s patriotism is higher
The kids grew up and became brainwashed by liberal college professors. 
Cultural Marxism happened
Liberalism happened. 
The U.S. has been a nation of very altruistic culture and people for quite a while now. Literally bi
Barack Obama 
They still have that to some extent. The most recent major one was Zeb Coulter and Jack Swagger. The
I think there are definitely other factors besides what I said before, whether it being the foods we
I just watched the Ultimate Beastmaster. Patriotic as fuck.
Soros.
Open door policies... That's what
The flag, anthem and patriotism are all associated with conservatives now. 
the 90s happened. cultural decay began. radical left wing propaganda began its footprint.
The deconstruction of our society and communities via the infectious rot of Marxism. From our church
The idiot daughter and doofus son-in-law running the place, as one parent is working for President T
Those underpants probably ruined it all.

That, and, you became a minority in your own homeland.
Obama
Cultural Marxism and Critical theory happened my friend.
They all had themes...The Iron Sheik, Dragon Boat, Rowdy Roddy Piper. Absurd and over-the-top stereo
A cultural subversion campaign by the MSM and communists.
Public schools run by democrat cabals did this .
I'm thinking it's the armed guards with orders to shoot if necessary.  I think we need some of those
Probably the 3 squares and a bed.
Wtf is it with them and the bug eyes? 
Drain that festering filth from the swamp, the next generation doesnt need or want her kind.
Damn she banged JFK lmao
TIL JFK had sex with Pelosi.

But then again, so did a lot of women.

Chances are if your grandmothe
Even JFK wouldn’t touch that.
so, Nancy was broken in young

figures


I wonder if she knew back then that she would be the enemy of we the people...
Smash confirmed.

I worry about her age though. ID required. 
Bet she was a demon in the sack back then! 
what an amazing person this is beautiful i tell you what 
[Tim Pool does a pretty good job of explaining why we need the EC.](https://youtu.be/NECVl0QqybI)
Attention rubes in flyover country: you exist to produce food and goods for us educated people in th
There's a lot of Cohens that live in major cities and they don't seem to like rural white Christian 
All of this needs to be front and center for the public.  MSM viewers will never hear this.
Isn’t the electoral college established by the constitution and not federal law?  Meaning that the s
> More than a century ago, we amended our Constitution to provide for the direct election of U.S. Se
Yeah I’m introducing a bill to ban free speech. Wish me luck!
Cohen.

Everytime...
Go ahead and get rid of it and watch as the rest of the states leave the union.  The only reason sma
"Guaranteed Replies" The reddit post.
Email or call your representative, Republican or Democrat. Mine is dem, I emailed her. Do your part.
I'm from the uk and support trump a lot. But I don't know what the electoral college is and why it's
I’m pretty sure this won’t pass. It has to be passed as an amendment to the constitution and the num
No problem with the pardon thing. That makes sense. 
I thought the left wants free college for everyone?

They had to execute their endgame sooner than expected.
Removing the Electoral College is like Adding the Senatorial Nuclear Option.  Be careful what strate
Never will happen as it will need a constitutional amendment.
Another nitwit buffoon DemocRAT posturing with pointless show votes. 

Mitch can wipe his ass with t
Perhaps they could also amend the rules of Chess so that, at the end of a game, the loser can invoke
They should have to take a test to see if they know why we have Electoral College in the first place
Wouldn't they need a constitutional amendment to do this? 

Man, Congress is really fucking dumb
Try it, Fella. You'll be the first to get the rope.
I thought Tennessee was based AF, what the hell happened there?
Does he know how Constitution is amended?
Short sided idiots.
Not only should everyone go to the Electoral College, but it should be free!

If Comrade Hillary had
How come we dont just have a set # of electors per state?? Lets say each state has 10 electors. Each
If anything, direct democracy is outdated
What movie was this? I've never seen it before

Who cares what Mitt thinks about fake allegations against our president? He was rejected by most of 
More like Jim Kerry -- he supported Trump before he opposed him. 
More like Jeff Flake on Soy
Didn’t the Dow Jones go up even higher under God Emperor Trump?
For example, 11 pledgers did not want to take in a single male refugee, and almost all of the single
Ha
Thank  you Mr President for making America great again!🙏🇺🇸❤️
Please. Can we talk about racism against whites more? 

It's crazy what the racists are trying to do
💯 
I’m not white, my parents are (legal) immigrants.  I am honestly outraged at this new wave of racism
Thanks i needed my chapo dose since it's down right now 
It's really liberal whites that say this shit. They just try to convince minorities that they can't 
Blackpeopletwitter whenever it gets political
Is this a crosspost from r/Politics?
it means they are very wrong.....there .was that so difficult??
I hope one day borders will be a thing of the past. We have more than enough resources to feed every
VP is leading the talks and discussions this weekend

We love you Vice President Pence! 
This man doesn’t get enough credit. 

Ignore all his accomplishments and just focus on personal life
That's the Vice President of the whole *United States of America!*
the way things are you shouldn’t 100% trust most people to be unswampy but Pence has been loyal as h
Pence is probably one of the greats when it comes to VPs. Maybe I'm just biased because he's not a g
[deleted]
Let’s fuckin’ go!
He rides a Harley - badass!
AMERICA IS PROUD OF OUR VICE PRESIDENT, MIKE PENCE! THANK YOU FOR YOUR AWESOME SERVICE TO AMERICA!🇺🇸
Remember when Mike Pence annihilated Kreepy Kaine at the VP debate? That was awesome. 
I’m all for Pence succeeding. I hope he’s part of the shallow state. 
The only reason they won't really impeach Trump. It's all just a front.

They know Mike Pence wants 
That's **OUR** Vice President!
Hero. Look at the way he looks at the flag. Utmost honor and respect and love. 

Great photo. 
He's the Ace card that keeps Trump alive.

None of them want him to have control.
#THE SILVER FOX
I would be so stoked to meet VP Pence. For the first time in my life, I understand the fangirling th
I don't really hear much about the VP, he seems to be keeping a low profile, sleeping lion?
Fun Fact: he used to do radio. VP just seems like a great guy.
I love Mike Pence so much, he never gets enough credit & he works his ass off every day. Best Vice P
My only letdown from Pence was when he told Mitt Romney it was an honor to swear him in to the Senat
If for some reason things go south for GEOTUS, and the dems finally get their way, he would make an 
Happy New Year, Mr VP.
Give Pence Ludicrous bricks!
Find someone who looks at you the way that Mike Pence looks at the American flag.
Its nice to see a vice president that can keep his hands to himself. 
I know I might get 100 zillion downvotes for this on this sub. But I am still not 100% convinced on 
What was in the envelope??
VSVPGEIT (Very Stable Vice President God Emperor in Training)
Spoiler: He becomes president in 2024.
[removed]
Fun Facts: Q thinks hes in on it all - alongside Hillary. (no sarcasm, sadly)
We have the best vice president a tremendous vice president 
Mr VP 
cheaper Diesel = cheaper transporting costs = cheaper goods= more money for consumers= Trump is reel
What fucking asshole communist downvotes this.... omfg! Fuck off you shills this is amazing!
1.8 here in alabama
The only state I’ve never seen diesel under $3 in 10 years is CA. (I’ve not spent much time out east
Got a question to all you Trucker/Oil Pedes: why is the price of diesel that much higher?  Is it jus
This is wonderful. I work in transport logistics,  this is great news for everyone!!!!
I've been seeing this gas pump type on this subreddit for a long time and I don't understand how it 
If people had to sit down and write out a check for their share of taxes every month instead of havi
🌶️🌶️🌶️ **Moar Spice of the Day!** 🌶️🌶️🌶️

[https://www.reddit.com/r/The\_Donald/comments/actpnt/a\_c
tyrants love to surround themselves with children.
All the debt is from the military and R wars.
All the new "Diversity" will erode her supreme power and the Dems will be at each others throats!  2
Here’s the link to the article: https://www.foxnews.com/politics/pelosi-interrupted-dhs-boss-nielsen
Nancy Pelosi can reject facts all that she wants. The truth is still the truth. She is showing her c
#WHY DO WE STILL BOTHER WITH THESE CUNTS

#JUST DECLARE NATIONAL EMERGENCY AND BUILD THE FUCKING WAL
impeach the cunt
I think they should do a press conference and lay out all the facts to the American public so the de
Televise these meetings ASAP!
>Pelosi also asked the DHS head whether she was counting anyone crossing the border illegally as hav
“They’re not *my* facts; they’re *the* facts.”
Since when did facts ever matter to that decrepit old dustycunt?
The greatest lie of our generation:

#MY TRUTH. 
She's the tyrannical dictator the founding fathers fought against.
*laughs in Texan*
Jesus I haven't been in about 10 years but I remember CO as a 420 and gun friendly place. 
We need sanctuary cities for guns where all gun laws are not enforced. If it works for immigration l
If we can have sanctuary cities for illegals, then we should make sanctuary cities where I can own a
What is Boulder’s legal law definition of “assault weapon”?

Anyone got a link?
California.
I want to send 70% of my income to Iran. Match me!
One could only imagine how different the world would be today if Bill Gates or Steve Jobs was told t
What happens when Dems run out of "other people's money" to redistribute it to those they deem worth
I'll keep my own money,,the dims need to learn how to serve people and choose individually how each 
Said this from the get go, sad that it happened, sadder that the mother was a liar trying to pass th
The anti white, white supremacy is the biggest threat in America rhetoric from this event was insane
The perps last name is Black too. Weird 
More black on black...
What is this madness..
Lion Ted, falling on his sword for America. What a hero. Beautiful Ted, a great guy, believe me. 
#Not gonna name names. But there are a few assholes who have put into doubt Ted's patriotism. I hope
I love less-canadian-looking Ted!
End his career?  2024.  I'd vote for Lion Ted.  Him or Grand Paul.  
His next career will be SCOTUS (I hope).
I want term limits for the deep state
The problem is corrupt politicians would never vote for a bill that would remove them for power, wou
Idk. With the transient nature of the position and the attention of new media...maybe it could work 
Actually Jesus. 
Ted hasn't reached his final form yet.
I think he looks pretty good with that beard 
...and then we'll have some low energy RINO running against Beta O'Rourke. 
He's also setting a term limit for Beto- when he runs again.

&#x200B;

Lest they commiefornicate my
He's a good man proposing something that should've already been a thing for hundreds of years.
Who else would be sent packing? 
Pretty sure previous terms don’t count against the congressmen. So if it’s ratified it will be 2/3 t
Please, please do this. Barnacles like Pelosi, Schumer, and these other old dingbats are practically
Is rather him repeal the 17th amendment. I think the states not being directly represented is outsid
Freakin lion ted. Love him 
Lion Ted!
He can easily run and win a governor race afterwards. Maybe VP or even presidency in the future. He 
Would beto have done the same? 
It's a non-starter with Congress.  An Article 5 Convention of States is needed.  Congress would have
Following in the footsteps of George Washington You're a Good Man Ted Cruz
A TRUE MAN.
Ted was good in my book as one of the few Republicans to do everything they could to stop Obamacare 
I will stand with the Lion in 2024! 🇺🇸

Who's with me??
He knows it will never pass but gets kudos for seeming likes he’s not a globalist
I like his nose.

Often, noses clue me in to people. Weak people have weak noses.

Just sayin' \~
Still not at the level of Kaepernick. That's the guy who sacrificed the most in the history of manki
This was very selfless, and very admirable. I'm beginning to forget anything he may have said during
Lol he knows it won't pass and did it for the right to say he did.
Ideally I would love to see 14-16 years max in congress counting both house and senate, without the 
**FIRST WE LIKED HIM THEN NOT SO MUCH NOW WE LIKE HIM AGAIN**
You gotta love those that put the better of the country before them 
Section 3 of the Amendment states that only terms served after the ratification of the Amendment wil
This actually really hit hard.

The guy is cool. If he runs in 2024, I think I'd vote for him. 
MARTYR TED
Never going to pass with Evil Liche as Speaker and Cocaine Mitch as SML
I would've gladly voted for him in 2016 if it came to that.
If you can't respect him for that then you'll never respect anyone for anything.
#Lion Ted baby!!! Not even his final form!
He needs to keep the beard.
I’m terrible at generating meme but need Cruz with the Nike kapernick campaign
Setting up a Presidential attempt in 2024 most likely.
Unfortunately, laws like these always grand-father existing congress members... it's the only way th
Democrats will turn this down to keep their corrupt asses in both houses
Can you imagine if both Mike Lee and Cruz made it to scotus? Please, holy mothers of science, make i
Bills like this should be voted by the public. Along with a bill that when the government shutdowns 
Only way this bill gets passed if it there's a grandfathered condingency for all the schmucks who do
Man, the Lion really grew on me. Not gonna lie, didn't like him much before. But he has actually ear
I doubt it'll ever pass but if it did it really would change everything. 
Like asking a guy to fist himself. That brave bastard.
thats what selfless sacrifice means
[Relevant?](https://youtu.be/u6aPgA5549g)
I know...so I say Ted Cruz for Supreme Court Justice!  He knows the Constitution!!
Term limits would just transfer the vast power into the hands of aids and other career bureaucrats 
Leading senators to sell out because they don’t have a job in government anymore. If you want less c
I’m liking you more and more everyday Ted. Keep it up
Washington was the first. Never forget. 
Vice President Cruz.
I think he and everyone knows with certainty that no such bill has a chance.  I like Ted, I like the
What an hero
I like the bloke... 
What about adding a grandfather clause to it?
“Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything “
i've never had any problems with ted cruz.  glad he hasn't let me down yet.
Introduced... Not passed. That's important. It is good wake up call for people to become aware of ca
This sounds great, butI think the baddies are going to be better at throwing randoms in for short am
F
Since he's been working for President Trump, I feel like Ted Cruz is also working for the American p
I would support them being re eligible after some time out, similar to some governorships.
Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything 
If Trump did not run in 3016, I had fully planned to vote for him. I remember he announced before an
No way it’s going anywhere. 
Should this not serve to make the primaries more interesting? I guess a lot of congressmen choose no
Love you Ted!
Perfectly Balanced, as all things should be.
Ted is definitely on the right side of things. This removes any shadow of a doubt. Great patriot.
this will never pass in Congress, but it's a nice gesture from Ted, whom I never doubted his patriot
I actually really like Ted, politically and as a person
Yeah but he waited until after Dems had the house. If he believed it he would have pushed when reps 
Sad to see him go
2024? I’m in. Follow through, though, Lion. 
Am I the only one who doesn't really care about term limits? Soros and the people who are really in 
r/facepalm
This is *NOT* a good idea. Revolving door politics is part of the problem.
term limits are bumper rails for a stupid electorate
Why do this? We need the senate to keep our Republican majority. 
Anyone know if this is true? I'll believe it with sources
He's a [reckless, arrogant, stupid dick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32iCWzpDpKs). But at least 
Pretty sure the SC has already shot down this approach. It would have to be a constitutional amendme
To be fair, his bill includes a proviso that allows all sitting members to be exempt from this new r
So the Dems could steal all the seats. I see where this is going. 
His face will end his senate career.  
GEOTUS never misses an opportunity to point the spotlight on Dem hypocrisy.
Muslims. The only people willing to kill for shit they don’t even really believe in themselves. 
Explanation for those of us that don’t know Islamic law?
When did he say this?
And what would her penalty be?  :)
No business being there anyway 
Honor killing when?? 
See that's where he's wrong, Muslims have no honor. 
Islamic law cannot he broken if it is for the greater cause of Allah. Islam is immoral by definition
Her family needs to discipline her.
She's broken Islamic law and the Muslim community should do what they do best...
I'm curious. How did she break Islamic Law? I know *nothing* about this.
Surprised it’s that high, wtf? EO briefs gone too far.
That seems wayy too high of a percent
Its not a matter of 'approving' them. They undermine unit readiness due to their constant ongoing me
That number seems really high. 
Just wait til enlistment from liberal cities increase 
I approve of dress shoes.  Don't wanna run with em tho...
Actual number is prob 10%
that's too high. we are doomed.
It is a FUCK of a lot lower than that.  Dont know who they asked, but this is a fucking lie.  Source
Moot point now. NEXT.
I don't believe that 39% number. They probably still feel pressure to give the PC response. Forcing 
Honestly, the gays have got to go too. Its just as much of a mental illness.
So how else communicate with another superpower.... did she really say that?
 **"I think that the President's relationship with thugs all over the world is appalling," **

No sp
In a leftist run would, san andreas would be the least of San Francisco's worries.
Looks like Guam after we put too many troops on it and it capsized. 
If she thinks that anything moves fast in government than she is in for a very hard time. Lots of fr
Translation: “We are going to need a lot of mass graves for all the people we are going kill in the 
In other words: support my irrational policies just because.
She may be cutesy now, but mark my words will look like hell in a few years.

Once the cutesy wears 
Wow, she’s so brilliant!
The horse is right, we need to pack so many commies into choppers its not even funny.
She did good for her self. I wont be surprised if she is in public service until she is in her 60s o
No goats allowed?
Lol
Im surprised they canceled it. Probably wantesd to use it as a bkueprint for their own plans.
[deleted]
* Surely the vilest of animals in Allah's sight are those who disbelieve. Koran 8:55

* O you Jews w
The whole idea for the Holocaust, the gassing, the ovens, all of it!,  came from the Nazi's good and
Muslims, Hitler and the holocaust, it does ring a bell...

[https://youtu.be/yels8D292Gk?t=74](https
They realized it was a memorial and not a celebration, hence the protesting. 
Just what did she do with that beer bottle!?
Eww
Does she have to make that face to speak?
Please proceed democraps...
I dunno, heard Elizabeth is fixing to drink a second beer.
Muslim beard, hardline muslim finger pointing like you see in ISIS videos, yet he somehow appears on
You could tell me this was from Team Fortress 2, and I wouldn't have batted an eye.
Left: You're a racist Nazi!

  


Right: We've been election blacks for 150 years.

  


Left: Yeah 
If those top 2 weren’t the 2 first male pornstar names then what the fuck are we even doing with thi
But muh party switch 
Who were these guys?  They must have all been remarkable men
Alternative title: "They're not Sending Their Best, Folks"
Nice
Looks more like the tranny😂
Per proper protocol of the fake news, if the suspect is white, blast their name and race while expre
I live maybe 45 minute away from Torrance, yet I hear about this story only on TD. Incredible.
A man named Jesus interviewed at a bowling alley?  If the suspect turns out to be a white Russian   
Wait, I thought Cali has laws the prevent gun crime?
Good thing there are no guns in California. Next you’ll hear the typical refrain you hear in Chicago
Coulter's Law: the longer the media takes to report on the suspect's race, the more likely he wasn't
Also shows their gun laws don't mean shit
Typical “gangsta” shit.

The number one killer of blacks? Other blacks. Fact.

But “black lives matt
"Sharmayne, get on Instagram!"

That's not how you summon medical emergency services.
Some reports are actually tagging it as a mass shooting:

[https://nypost.com/2019/01/05/police-3-de
Wrong flair, seems like it would be motives unclear, no?
Coulter's Law : Longer it takes to give description of the criminal, the less it favors the dems  ma
So if they are still looking for a suspect shouldn't they tell everyone a description of what they l
It's almost like they create their own problem by following a WRONG WAY OF LIFE.
How do you say, 'fuck your radical cult that isn't compatible with western culture and mohammad was 
And the sjw feminists are ignoring this.
#Religion of Peace
Sounds like she chose the wrong religion. 
Absolutely gorgeous and thoughtful.  Wow.
So much love!
TIL Hijabi bloggers is a thing.
Sounds like lots of Muslim women are really jealous of her. 
Brave lady, much respect to her !
This video really highlights the long-term effects of inbreeding. Muslims and Muslim dominant countr
There’s hope for an enlightenment yet. 
Shes beautiful, get you some well deserved equality, girl!
Saw this earlier in another sub. 

She's got stones. Australia I guess.
Welcome sign with masks. Ya that’s warm.
I want a box like that.
Yo wrap it up
This shutdown has already cost at least 10 billion.  The Dems knew that before it started.  They als
Little does pelosi know, that’s probably half the time she has left in her hourglass. Tic tock Nancy
Image needs to be bigger but the content is excellent.
I bet their grandmother is so proud!
That's amazing! God bless 'em!
What!? What are they selling!!?!!
I agree it’s worth the WALL BUT I think they need to start paying the TSA and start eliminating poin
Close it. Lock it. Weld it shut until the wall is paid for.
# #NOWALLNODEAL
I'd agree if it wasn't income tax time
I'm say it with you but please don't call me pede..im straight.
There should not be ANYTHING deemed confidential or personal in govt.  aside from security issues 
A ton of money is made over the border for lots of people. CIA runs all sorts of illegal businesses 
Chuck and Nancy are standing strong on this. Firm. Tall. An enormous divide between communists and P
[removed]
They can't even agree on how many genders there are. I've heard everything from 58 to "unlimited bec
1977 Colt AR-15 SP1 & 1933 Colt Government Model. 

Need to find me a Type-D stock, a pre-A1 grip, a
What's this bill to abolish the IRS? That would make my life.
IRS are the legal MOB! 
I've got your Abolish ICE, and raise you Abolish the IRS.
And to think he’s been saving the best for the second half of his term 
Still above $2 where I live, but it's getting closer!
[removed]
The shells on that shotgun make it look like that blanket is hugging it
Police and Judicial system independent - Personal, family, home protection devices.
I want to see the federal government do what the state of Florida did.

&#x200B;

 In Florida, only 
Wow!  Plaster this shit.  You know the media won’t show it 
Lol is that an official pin?
"Why 'Carry His Lies Live?'"  You mean why can't you get a delay, to censor...
Mark Dice has already ruined this George Costanza twin.
Do it, faggot. DO IT.

I would love to see how many people tune out because one network is 10 minute
'Why carry a bald-headed little peckerwood live?'
It takes 10 min to make up stories and twist his words around? I thought it was faster than that for
He's got more filters on his picture than any 27 high school girls combined. 
I deleted my Shitter account months ago but Stelter blocked me for calling him egg shaped.  He's a g
Do they ever use facts? What exactly are they claiming are these so called lies?
Fuck these people. They propagate lies bacteria spores on thevwind.
This is gold. 
Well this is pretty fucking funny.
Bwhahahahahahahahaha
Ol' Squirt Bottle 
Err Heads
I could see a series here. 
That Nancy Pelosi impression is amazing.
ha ha      great. ;       also keep the dim wits from spending our money.....
So, I just send my wife in to buy stuff and save 7%? 
It worked!  

*Not*
It’s ma’am ! 
They are now marked by the Trump curse. I look forward to their fate, whatever Kek wills it to be.
Notice they’re not just lowering prices for women. They are raising prices on men. Women still getti
small minds, probably got abused as a child, most if not all were abused.
Democrats are obsessed with sex. I mean it, just observe the sheer sexual parts and gutter reference
>Hit that toad with your Bullet Bill

I hope a Bullet Bill punches that guy at max speed for one of 
A lot of gay leftist hate for Donald Trump is derived from the knowledge that he’ll never fuck them.
Very nice burn! 🔥 
He cut in line (like the illegals) when it was HER turn.  /s
High crimes. It was her turn, her payoff for putting up with WJBC rubbing her face in shit for 40 ye
None, that's why they just gave Mueller another 6 months to create a crime and procure some false wi
It falls under "other".

That's where they stop reading.
Fucking over the Deep State section
Article I, Section Reeeee
This joke also works for bitches and hoes. 
Wat is this gif? I love it. 
TFW you get away with murdering your girlfriend 
If you want to discretely signal that you’re a Republican just post a picture of you standing in fro
A) I wouldn’t trust anything like that. Dox myself to some blue-haired app developer? Heck no. 

B) 
The Kochs don't follow Republican dogma.  In fact they now heavily support open border initiatives. 
They need the cheap labor.... they are good at naming wings of hospitals, not creating movies. They 
The Koch brothers are about as creative as a pile of dried up cat shit. They only care about cheaper
Is she charged with cultural appropriation? 
Ugly thot audit.
*$80K
Kek
Yaaas (welfare) queen!
The article says she collected $9k in benefits, not $80k. $80k is what she deposited in her account 
Pun game is strong
>it’s all there in black and black

**KEK**
When I look at Rachel I see no color - does that mean I've finally achieved non-racist Nirvana and b
Throw her in a fucking mental institute. 
8,ooo Sawbucks
It's on the books pedes: https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/acpn6f/10_us_code_2808_constru
The only reason he hasn’t done it already IMO is because he wants to force the Democrats as being an
Is that a threat? No you fucking idiot it's an answer to the question you literally just asked? Did 
do it
That was a great response, basically saying he's playing nice with ONLY shutting down the government
he can build it any time he wants now.  He's just stringing this along to expose them and make the p
What happens if the budget somehow includes 5b funding for the wall, then GEOTUS approves, then decl
He's got their nuts in a vice.

Either they work with him and give him the wall, with the spending b
I love the president, but he needs to step it up and just get it done already. 

This IS a National 
"I never threaten anybody...but I swear on me fookin' mam mate."

I really can't wait to vote for th
I really want to see the opposition try to argue that the president doesn't have the authority to or
Couldn’t be any clearer. Declare a National Emergency at the Border and Build the Wall. Easy Peasy.

“I would never threaten anybody”

Bahahahha 
#DO IT Mr. President!
Fuck yeah.
Let them squirm for a little bit - then DO IT!
[That reporter's face](http://magaimg.net/img/6z2g.png)


I remember someone told us this but I can’t remember who...
The way I see this, Trump has the Dems utterly cornered.

Either they fund the wall to get what they
I’ve Been saying this for many a year.
Declare a State of Emergency on the Border. It Opens up all t
It IS a national emergency. 
Shut down! Destroyed! Nuked! Pwnd!!
the man is a fucking genius. 

not only is he going to get his wall funding, hes going to do it in s
Gee wilikers where did I hear this option being thrown about before? Was it an anon on infinity chan
Yes he can!!
Do it Trump!
Thousands of migrants storming the border each year, IT IS A NATIONAL EMERGENCY.
^^I ^^may ^^do ^^it...
##I may do it!
10 U.S. Code § 2808 - Construction authority in the event of a declaration of war or national emerge
He should say this more, dems get so mad when he basically tells them they don't matter
Look at me...DO IT!
My son is a law clerk to a federal appeals court judge.  He's a liberal but says that Trump indisput
Then do it already, god damn. If he can just go and build the wall without approval, then why the fu
Declare it. Build it. MAGA
PLEASE!! DO IT!!! Mr. President!!!
I LOVE THIS MAN
Please do it! It's an emergency.
Just case you don't know who to thank?  thank Soros for his caravan on the Southern border....  No O
Such a polite way to say "fuck you! We are building this wall!"
He's so alpha good lord.


palpatine_DOIT.gif
I would rather wait until the dems break, if he just uses the national emergency way he could look l
Been waiting for this!
Kind of makes me wonder....what game is he playing? He must know the democrats won't give him the mo
Best option yet.  I think he should proceed with this ASAP.  Withhold ALL aid to most places in Cent
Well, the border crisis is a national emergency. Build it now!
Hear that sound?

That's Nancy gagging on his impressive member
I would say a caravan of illegals coming from Central America to “crash the gates” of the southern b
>I never threaten anybody

Damn, lol.
This would be amazing. I still don't know what the answer is. You know if he does get the thing buil
DO IT!
I wish he would have said, "I never threaten anybody. Except Rosie O'Donnell."
Made me giggle like a little girl.
Freedom boner 🍆 
MADLAD CONFIRMED!
“I never threaten anybody... but I am allowed to do it”

Lmao
The government should be shut down for as long as possible. This is an absolute embarrassment and in
This was the plan from the start! All this shutdown posturing is just theater exposing dems. I love 
HOLY FUCK I LOVE MY PRESIDENT


I never threaten anybody.
Congress' approval stems from the law Congress wrote. Duh.
We are technically still in a National Emergency from 9/11 so why can't he already? 
Do it. 
 
You ever just shut down the government to flex on the libs?

Hahahaha oh I can build it if I want to
They immediately came back with asking why he doesn't just do that then. If he had done that from th
If he does it, I hope he builds a really nice one like China has and you can see from space. 
BUT I AM ALLOWED TO DO THAT😍😍

Edit: wonder why he is taking troops out of afghanistan and syria? Pe
“I never threaten anybody. But I am allowed to do that.”

It’s amazing to me that people stilll call
He can, but the scumbag Democrats, activist judges, and PR firm media will hold it up in lawsuits un
Trump OWNS Reporter
I watched the whole conference, I'm telling you they came to an agreement. They aren't meeting this 
"I never threatened anybody. But...but I am allowed to do that, yes." 

Eat SHIT, leftists. 
So glad we have a strong leader. Not backing down unlike cuckbama.
#How are democrats going to help anyways?  They aren't the ones who pay the majority of taxes, and I
I want President Trump to keep the government shut down over this and force the democrats to show ev
Why doesn't he just do this? Instead of gettig dribs and drabs every year from an uncooperative cong
Guns, drugs, and criminals pouring over...sounds like an emergency to me
Threats are for the weak!  It’s actions that SPEAK!  This President is absolutely wonderful. 
GD this man is on point.  Melania definitely gave him some of that sweetness last night!
22,000 children illegally crossed our border in December. 22 THOUSAND in just ONE damn month. If tha
If we can go to war without congressional approval why can't we do it for the wall. Obama the traito
Modern problems require modern solutions. 
>I never threaten anybody. But I'm allowed to do that...

Savage.
Declare it a national emergency.

Allocate 10B in funds
DO IT
"You can do it"
They're gunning down cops and shipping so much opiates over that it's the leading cause of death amo
Not like any of these fruity liberals will fight against us building it either lmao we have nothing 
**do it mr. President! DO IT!!!!!!!!!**
Ok sooooooo WTF is stopping you then? Build the fucking thing
Do👏it👏we👏need👏the👏wall
Plz do it
Mesa propose, that the senate, give immediately emergency powers, to the supreme god emperor. 
Letting the Democrats hop on board is an easy win for them...that they're simply too stupid to take.
That moron looked speechless. 
The ultimate power move. 
people act like the military isn't going to listen or its wrong to have the military do it. we spent
priceless to force democrats to advocate for pure lawless open borders to ensure no sane person ever
Nice, Build the Wall, Keep the partial shutdown in place for a year or two.  
Nice guy GEOTUS offering to let dems share credit for the big, beautiful wall
Then do it
Very interesting to watch Kevin McCarthy‘s expressions.  
Army corps of engineers would get that wall built faster than you can say Beta O'Dork
Dems now funding wall so trump cant take all the credit.
Please, please, please do it!
Either he does it and we get our wall, or Congress axes some very broad powers that they've ceded to
Don’t do it just . Let the democrats be shown to the public how much they hate the majority. 
Ace in the hole. Do it President Trump, this is what you ran your platform on and why you campaigned
audio is out of sync
Do it!
So do it already.  What the hell has he been waiting for?  We could have a wall already.
Red castle.
Green castle. 
holy shit folks, both the reporter and trumps mouths move out of sync with their voice

[is trump a 
I'm almost thinking at this point, that is how it will have to be done. I can only imagine the lawsu
I AM THE SENATE 
Draw that line, Prez Trump, and build upon it so it lasts into infinity, your legacy. Once it's done
god damn right!
Thank you Mr. Soros.
If he could build it already by simply stating it was a national emergency why the hell hasn't he?
Why doesn't he? 
GEOTUS doesn't make threats. Only Promises!
all he has to do is call it a monument in honor of martin luther king and the left give him 50 billi
I want him to do it, but not before he shows the democrats for who they really are. They don't want 
He can also end the investigation if he wants. Worst dictator ever!
They asked. He responded.
You just know that the minute they start building this, 100,000 jobless degenerates who have multico
LoL - it's /not/ a national emergency?!? How many illegal immigrants are storming the border on aver
Pedes, do we know if President Trump can bypass the cuck judges? My worry would be liberal judges tr
As soon as I’m done outing the Democrats for the anti-American pos that they are 
Proof that 45 is just letting the DNC show themselves as caring more for for illegal aliens than the
Umm yes!!!! I’ll support it!  How about the fact that our president has brought gas prices down on a
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This one might be fake news. The audio doesn't seem to line up right. Can anyone post a better video
[deleted]
[removed]
Where did he "owned" the reporter?
93 being 1.99 a gallon now...im shitting my pants.
Fantastic!  Absolutely phenomenal.
Interestingly our construction might happen similarly to the great Wall, over many, many years and i
Damn Mongorrians!
Because everybody stopped talking about the obvious vote fraud. 
They stole it
If we ignore their blatant voter fraud, new dems are made when clueless children with no life experi
Because they import their voters just like all their other shit.
Voter fraud
Real answer: the NSA/CIA supercomputer A.I. actively rigged voting machines in select districts. Spe
They won by being a well organized machine. The dems vote in block, morals or principle be dammed. D
What I’ve gathered in the time i’ve been a citizen... is that for the average american( particularly
Cheating!
Oh the fake "blue pills" are the ones who claim "i was totally with Trump until...X, but now thats a
The suburbs. We lost the suburbs. 
Have an up vote 
Love it!
Fantastic! Thank you!
User succeeds. Nice! 
Two terms!
Two Scoops
Two Terms
Two Tries
Love it! 
Lol... I wonder when this Store came into business
I’m gonna save this picture for when he wins in 2020. 
They have no clue they write memes by accident 
imagine simultaneously holding these beliefs:

* minimum wage should be $15/hr

* there should be un
Yes we will!!
I'd have to take vacation days but I would be there
It do be like that.
Rocket League?
Defense is funded, so wouldn't expect base-dependent communities to be affected.
Because Trump in another 4D chess moved, passed a bill that stated that armed forces would NOT be af
have not noticed one thing from shutdown. waiting for the wall to wall coverage of the 7 people actu
If you want to get your blood boiling, go read some of the Reddit threads where people talk about th
That sure is a good looking Pepe you have there.
Fort Polk?
Norfolk?
[removed]
It's hard to be happy when the men of your culture oppress you and rape livestock.

&#x200B;
She isn’t going to do a damn thing to make Detroit better. 
These people are like out of control children and the Media are the parents who won't discipline the
What's up with her mouth?
Subtle Blues Brothers reference +1.
He actually does some pretty dangerous shit  !
So frustrating that this guys great work has gone unnoticed by the DOJ
God forbid they teach them something useful. Like another European Language.
Saudi Arabia. 
Why Arabic?  Why not English or Mandarin or Japanese, or Korean, or Swedish or German?  Why would an
Teach them in hell. 
Speak English or Die 
This is what happens when Kanye gave him his dragon energy and Pence lent him the powers of Zeus 
Little champ 👌🏻
Little Darling.
LOL, she’s such a putz.
She's clinically retarded.
Those of you Christian pedes out there: during the Passion story, remember how Jesus told Pilate tha
The left and their fact rejecting. 

Women can have penises too. Gender is a social construct. I rej
I read this title as "I reject your farts."
"Reality has a liberal bias!"
THE FACTS
Like a child
When did she put her fingers in her ears and start humming?
Alzheimer's or dementia?

Probably both at this rate 
Kellyanne clumsily says "alternative facts" instead of "an alternative view of the facts" and media 


Yuri Bezmenov a KGB defector described what is happening today in an interview from the 1980s. In 
Communist enabler and a traitor. 
Remember when liberals kept circle-jerking over the Republican usage of 'alternative facts'. Life co
#WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING? WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? " I REJECT YOUR FACTS "

*it's like the whole coun
Pelosi is so fuckin dumb. 

I reject your reality and substitute my own.
“Fuck yo facts, nibba!”

-Nasty Pelosi. 
Where is this from?  I would love to hear confirmation from Secretary Nielson that Pelosi said "I re
Wtf 
See!

That's just the most perfect illustration of their mind-set

"your facts"

"her truth"

"the r
Wait a sec...we're allowed to reject facts? I reject the fact that i have to pay taxes! (is this how
This is great.  
Need to televise it all. Put it on C-SPAN for all to see.
Ralph Breaks the Internet had a funny line where Ralph said he liked a news article not so much for 
I reject your reality and substitute my own. 
If you want to anger a liberal tell them the truth. 
Remember when "alternative facts" happened?

If the parties were switched pelosi would be made fun o
Just like the voting booth in CA, they want to remove any sort of paper trail or research into illeg
How does anyone in good conscious vote for her?
Nielsen is a class act,  her handling of these Democrat crumbs in Congress was all class . 
Go to bed, skeletor...err Pelosi.
ms or mrs? why do they change it up with in 2 sentences? 
Here's the source: https://www.wsj.com/articles/schumer-pelosi-report-on-progress-on-shutdown-after-
It is widely reported as being generally known that Nancy Pelosi is the rotten queen of the 'fact-re
Yes, said Pelosi, let those facts eat cake.
saw a hilarious article going to great lengths to try to "prove" that there aren't 2000 illegal immi
But her daughter said she was so smart!!!
By  Linda Goudsmit
September 6, 2018  
Countdown to Civil War  

On January 26, 2018, Daniel Greenfi
Hate facts!! /s
\#NOTMYFACTS
# Secretary Nielsen is getting some invaluable on the job training.   
Libs reject reality. 
Can't we send her to the funny farm with maxine and occasional cortex? 
Ha! Classic pelosi 
Nancy Pelosi is a corrupt fucking cunt. 
It's great that she does this on a bigger platform now, it just makes them look even worse. 2020 can
Like rejecting pregnancy,  you can reject it but you're still pregnant. 
My feelings don't care about your facts.
    F
    A L T E R N A T I V E
    C
    T
    S
remember that interview with the surprise of the press being present? she wanted facts. she then got
I hate that stupid bitch so fucking much. I bet if some ms13 illegals gang raped and murdered one of
I reject your reality, and substitute my own! 
Watching any of the videos of Nielsen being grilled is infuriating, the congress people act like suc
Democrats are now bringing lawsuits against fence installers are construction companies because Dope
[https://imgur.com/a/6qVVdli](https://imgur.com/a/6qVVdli)

&#x200B;
Prawn Roll Fact Vetos
Redefinition is not the same as refutation.
Mental illness!!!!!
The Stutterer of the House has spoken!
And the MSM is still trying to glamorize Pelosi just look at her latest interview on News By Cucks. 
This is what we’ve come to. Unfortunately I see this type of behavior on both sides. Admittedly it’s
Facts are always facts.

Just like Pelosi is always an idiot.

Pelosi is about two brain cells shy o
It is possible Nancy Pelosi has some type of dementia


All facts are factual, but some facts are more factual than others.
The left exclusively barters in emotions, not facts or truths. They have reduced the upbringing of e
Weird, I don’t see CNN or NBC covering that at all.   Not a peep.   I guess we won’t be getting “I r
You can't have the Left's world view and accept facts.
I have a major crush on Kirstjen Nielsen. She radiates quiet confidence and steel resolve. My kind o
She’s a dipshit. However occasional-cortex is worse imho.
Take a look at Nanci, this is what happens when you're addicted to blue pills.
A simpler time, when Jim Carrey wasn’t insane.
Why do they always look like human cartoons?
Note that Democrats have no interest in preserving this Constitutional Republic,  they only want pow
That face....   🤢🤭🤮
Hand rubbing intensifies
He looks just like a clown, needs white face paint and a red nose.  DEFINITELY keep him away from ki
Every fucking time
The guy looks like one of the Ghouls in Fallout 4. 
The metrosexual version of Boss Hogg.
Fun fact: he only panders to the urban lower class. 

Source: he’s the rep for Memphis, TN. I live i
Meme this one...
I'm sure it's only a cohencidence....   again.  
 dual citizenship
Why is it every democrat politician looks like a cartoon villain?
But he can’t, it would take a constitutional amendment and that won’t happen.
This guy is a nut. It’s stunning he’s in office.
He looks like a bootleg of a bootleg Danny DeVito
I don't think we can wait until 2020 to get rid of him.
Imagine that coming at you as a 5 year old.  And years later you see "It".
And this is what happens when a feckless GOP establishment doesn't do it's job! Congratulations Neve
When I am at the bar or comedy club and there is a long line for the womens room... its Sir. 
He-Ma'am and the Mastherths of the Univerth.
Except there's usually never a line to the men's room. If there is the women's room line is 3 times 
All male event? Never seen a line for the men’s room unless it’s a sports event (and even rarely the
I once lived in a very egalitarian society. In a situation like this, they would form a single queue
Abolish private property.... this means you now have to rent your clothes, rent your cars, rent your
Okay then take off your clothes and glasses. 
What an asshole
Can’t wait for a return to the animal kingdom. Cucks like this won’t last the night.
Virgin commie frog vs Chad 👌 pepe
LOL.

What's the over under for how many days this pipsqeak bitch would survive under a communist di
Hippity Hoppity

  


#THIS TRAIN WON'T STOPPITY!
stop appropriating alt-right culture with your communist frog memes
*too inbred
Sweet scarf!  
That fag stole my scarf. 
Nice shirt.   

Gimmie your shirt bitch.
The irony is this kid likely owns a Macbook and/or iPhone and/or iPad and swears by it; frequents St
Hibity hobity give away all my property
Hippity Hoppity, Get the F$%* off my property!!!
Okay, I’ll take his glasses, then.
He is so happy to have that much edge. 
Twig boy. 
This guys such a commie he dyed the top of his head ginger. Pack it up lads, how can we fight such b
Liberals, like OP, are so fucking stupid...
I'd like to see less restrictions on regular tobacco products but thats just me.

People know the ri
Well get that shit out of the way and the libertarians can finally focus on important shit.
Just wait till President Trump calls back furloughed IRS workers to process tax returns on time, 100
It absolutely would be

Trump needs something big to be able to get the EV wins again

The blue wall
It couldn’t be any clearer.

He should have descheduled it a month before the midterms. And he shoul
Im counting on it. I think whoever uses this as part of their platform will win the next election.
As a pothead, I agree! I had to quit smoking for my job... and I was using medicinally for my heart.
It's possible, Grassley was a big obstacle in the Senate while he was chairman of the judiciary. Lin
All carry insurance becomes is a way to snuff out gun ownership.  It's a racket, new York city is at
Dead link.
This explains why so many Rinos are against Trump. The Rino Traitors helped Obama act out his plan a
-10 if that’s possible 
0
I’m negative 10
Would like to see Redacted reply.
I'm gonna kill myself with that kind of pain.
-0
What’s the opposite of pain? I’m feeling that.
This can be read as; ‘No way I’m on trumps team!’ (He doesn’t want to be on Trumps team.)

Or

‘No w
Lmao bet that took awhile to set up
What the actual fuck?
Pedophile liberal left.
These people are fawking sick.  
Listened to an interview of Debrah (spelling) Soh talk about this. It's terrifying what parents are 
Sick.
These people are shamefully sick. I am disgusted by this whole transgender BS. I do not support givi
WAIT. How the fuck would a 5 year old know what gender identity is....they don't even know what day 
Maybe if they go to parochial school?
no No NO!
The only concept of sexuality prepubescent children have is taught. This is not for the children. It
Time for a crusade 
#Puberty is not a disease
Disgusting
Wow — the Nazi’s first task in reality was to get rid of their antifa movement.
Pretty much true. Antifa and the alt-right are working on the same side, but they just pretend to be
Surprised Cuck-o-soft hasn’t banned this yet.
That's awesome!!!
When your Veteran Husband takes you a bit too literally.
Haha I like this 
That's funny... I've also seen this occur after I've called the operator. 
This is so me
She should be thankful that she didn't say to clean the house. Or decorate the house.
Haha
r/weekenddonald
Expecially after all the hell they raised over the "alternative facts" thing. 
How's this for alternative facts Nancy? You employed a Chinese spy as your DRIVER for more than a de
She is not mentally fit to be in public office, and definitely not fit to be second in line to succe
The Pelosi Universal Retort:  "Nuh-uh!"
Cuz everyone knows that not wearing a hijab is one step away from doing pornography.
She removed her ~~hijab~~ slave scarf and exposed Islam's true colors. :)

* The ~~hijab~~ slave sca
Best Mutha Fukin' POTUS
BadAss
BMFGEOTUS
I think the acronym is “BAM”, - so BAMPOTUS or BAMGEOTUS
I’m looking the other  of Trump if you have it? He’s wearing the same suit and background but jacket
#That’s my President.
Gas- 1.8$ a gallon
That. Just. Happened. Shake n’ bake!!! 👌
bigly!
Truth 
I liked the internet a lot more when no one was on it.
Don’t forget open pedophilia subreddits that existed openly until last year when it was in the news.
Truth feels so good 
They banned r/fatpeoplehate though

Also, if fat people don’t want to be mocked they can change thei
Yep that sums it up. This is a libtarded app with only one shining light.
/r/watchpeopledie got quarantined / removed, if anyone’s wondering
> cum box

I really wanted to forget about stumbling upon that
I can mock fatties, where ? Gimme dat FPH back
add pro pedophile http://archive.vn/cXwV1 
And be racist against white people, don't forget about that. Also hate on western culture.
I literally didnt know what the fuck reddit was until the '16 election.  Then I thought it was exclu
Where's those cum box subs?
It make sense though. 

Reddits demographic is very very young. 

Before your pre-frontal lobe fully
Id be proud to get banned
At least I can come here when I lose a friend because I support trump. ❤
In the current year all censorship is political. Reddit has no morals, no intellect, no compassion n
Lol hilarious if it weren’t true
Fuck Facebook and Google
I watched people die, and got banned (not from watching people die tho) on reddit.
Gonna need links to those cum box subreddits!
For some reason I read that as Detroit and not Reddit 
Thats the truth, Truth
Wtf is a cum box?
He's not wrong
Didn’t watch people die get quarantined for the decapitation video of those two hikers in Morocco?


Late stage liberalism.
Omg I had no idea Reddit was so vile.  Glad I stick to the good subs.  
Yeah, nobody ever gets called out for having a comment history on r/buttsharpies.
You'd be delighted to see how these motherfuckers look in real life.  It's hilarious.
Well most non Trump supporters are degenerates so...
I think it's filthy and disgusting how they allow porn on this site now. 
well, the fat thing was all banned though
Nothing wrong with mocking fats 

*triggered some fat asses
In otherwords, welcome to the new Babylon.
Acksually mocking fat people got banned.

I never actually posted but I managed to escape the Fatten
Pot calling the kettle black scenario here 
Title by u/sharkshockeygirl
I challenge all Democrats to test out this theory 
Watched the whole thing and it is an excellent speech on free speech! 
Needs a CSI filter to confirm his identity using an iris scan.  Enhance!  Enhance!
I can see it! So long as I squirt really hard and pretend
WTAF are you talking about???
 "You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him" - *
Trudeau's nephew.
Just like Che Guevara's son owning a Harley Davidson rental shop in Havana. Those bikes are $30k eac
The fact that he's a model is a problem all of it's own
SOTU should be loaded with Angel moms/families
Works for Islam too.
Dont forget Mexico let them in !
The left = the population in the capital, in the film The Hunger Games. 
Nope still your president
That's Brian Stelter in drag.
I’m just in awe over how much this man is getting done while in office. I truly hoped he’d get a few
This guy is going places
That's my Representative.  It's an area represented by some of the nation's finest military members 
Is there a direct link to the video?
I love this guy
So basically the white liberal is saying subconsciously that white people are superior. Who's the ra
And the same study showed that conservatives speak to people of color the EXACT same way to people r
The racism of lowered expectations.
Fucking racist 
Mueller is so corrupt.
Oh wow so we're not even pretending this is legitimate anymore this is just a communist show trial a
Love this attorney...
Does that suit... Exist? If so where can I buy one?

Edit: it's real!
Pornhub is missing.
Wtf is Oath?

Bullshit chart.
Hope you’re right. But I’m skeptical 
If they're unnecessary, they're *unnecessary.* 
If you think they are quitting you are mad! 
Curious why we have any government that is nonessential? Can’t that be outsourced and funded year to
If the shutdown lasts long enough, it could become the new normal. Eventually, President Trump could
Unfortunately they will all get paid for this unscheduled time off. If it were a real shutdown, ther
NOT - it's days off with Back Pay - we should change that - we should change alot of things !
85,000 Fed Employees in DC alone - what a waste of our Tax Money 
I don't care that they are mostly Democratics.
In his prime Tyson was unbeatable.  He also loves Trump and fought Spinks at Trumps plaza in Atlanti
Is there even a single example of a wall not working?
Pelosi says a WALL is a crime against humanity
In this case I think that wall would have crumbled like a ritz cracker.  That dude in the middle wan
This will be what the next Conor Mcgregor vs Khabib Nurmagomedov rematch will look like
>undocumented immigrants

🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮

They're *illegal aliens*
Don’t use the language of the enemy and call them “undocumented”

Call them illegal aliens or foreig
How do they make money on a wall? They're not in the position to give construction bids to spouse/fa
Census 2020.  This is all about getting as many people as possible in sanctuary states so that the d
If border walls could vote...
I'm waiting 13 years to move to US yet these motherfuckers somehow had advantage over the years
Gotta love how people don't realize we consider all that money going to illegals as wasted. 

They j
Hot dankity dog
*illegal aliens
Dems introduce legislation today that would totally screw election law. They hid it in bill to get T
They need illegal votes to win. They dpnt care about the people. They just want to keep their cushy 
Illegals*

To be fair, yes that 155 annually doesn't disappear the moment we build a wall.

But it d
Makes no fucking sense
Illegal aliens
Source in the 155 billion? Not that I don’t believe ur epic may may, just curious.
Can we just get five spot out of that??

Damn!
Someone fix this "undocumented immigrants" terminology so I can share it on FB to gather some lib te
TBF, at least some of that money probably finds its way into their pockets too......
Truth ....they hate America 
People are still gonna illegally immigrate, hope the wall actually does something, if they build it.
They can steal some of the $155B. No one will notice.

$5B too low cant steal anything.
Small price for all those votes
How about we at least turn off the spicket of tax payer dollars that flows to non-citizens each and 
What people fail to realize is that the wall will pay for itself if it prevents a paltry 70,000 immi
More work for government union workers.
You don't get it, they're buying the illegal votes with your tax dollars. Who in their right mind wo
I’m actually just curious where does that 155 billion number come from? 
Does anyone want to become an "undocumented house guest" at Mr. Schumer's place or Mrs. Pelosi's pla
2 Drakes
Could someone please provide the source of these numbers for me?
Maybe only send 33 Billion to Israel and keep 5 Billion for the wall.
F
love it
KEK<————————this one

KEK

KEK

KEK

KEK

KEK
Look how he is groping that kid. Reeeeeeeeeeee
[deleted]
Won't go anywhere, but I won't be surprised if another "compromise" happens to take more rights.
I'm 100% with you. I had opinions, without taking sides, and thought that was okay. But the left is 
the left went too far left and pushed out anyone resembling a moderate 
You have my empathy. I'm a run-of-the-mill [classical liberal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classic
Welcome! You'll need a coat
Same here.  I got tired of being attacked by the Hillbots on politics.  I switched parties last year
Welcome to the Trump Train. Choo choo!
welcome to the good side
Welcome Patriot!
I used to be republican, then they gave me Bush McCain and Romney to choose from.

Then I went liber
Same here. I’ve been a reddit user for a while but then went inactive for a little. When I came back
Wow, you got a nice welcome, 2 bricks and a ride on the Trump train!!!

Edit: Make that 7 briks, 3 t
I mean i’m in the position of being center left or center right depending on the issue and I got her
Same here.  I voted Democrat most of my life, but now I'm a nazi.  The left keeps pushing the goal p
[deleted]
[removed]
I remember growing up how they would say politics shift from generation to generation. And i remembe
Welcome. You will find this place your new online family
According to the left, everyone right of Mao is Hitler so you aren't alone. Welcome to the party!
A sizeable portion of this sub-reddit was pushed into it by the rest of reddit. I didn't know how co
If you aren't with them 100% you're against them. Was a Bernie bro and never looked back since. 

I 
Welcome! And sorry about the coat but at least you got a brick!
> "a bigot Republican" (when **in reality** I am just a centrist) 

The part in bold is why you had 
Your views aren't different... they echo that of the majority of America.

You are centrist?  Most o
Welcome to The_Donald, bigot. ✌😎
100% agree with you.
I didn't necessarily think Trump would be {{the best world leader in human hist
Welcome to the donald, sargon.   Why the alias?
Welcome. We think you'll like it here. Take a coat. You'll find some red pills in the pockets, take 
Welcome aboard.  Progressive Liberal cunts across America can eat shit and die.
Congrats - Now your whole again and for only the next three days at 4 hours per day of The_Donald. W
Welcome aboard!  Prepare to never be able to post in another sub again without being downvoted and c
The children of reddit wont allow for dissenting thought in their group think chambers. I wish I cou
Welcome. But this sub is still plagued by redditness too. It’s not what it was in 2016. That said, i
I should tell you that this train has no brakes.
That's how I got here. I used to be a Liberal. I still am. Just liberals either dont exist on the le
This exactly man. I was actually left leaning believe it or not but after having any opinions outsid
You know, in reality, when we voted for POTUS, we KNEW we were NOT electing a choirboy or a saint by
Welcome... this really is the friendliest, happiest, most accepting /sub on Reddit!
Pro tip: Shitposting is not only allowed, it's encouraged.
The Left, in the past two years, has gone completely bonkers

This is coming from a guy who used to 
The very first red pill most of us took was thinking our compatriots on the left desired to be reaso
Welcome! A fellow former centrist here! I’ve been radicalized by the left. 
I got on board with Trump because of the REEEEEEEEEEE.  Policies that work that I originally thought
Welcome.

All we ever ask of anyone is this.

Ask these two questions only for yourself. What do you
You are welcomed here with open arms.
How pathetic is it that in order to get reasonable and open political dialogue you have to come to a
Congratulations on breaking the conditioning.  This is a win-condition for dems in 2020 and on.  The
They did it to me too... a bernie voter. Welcome friend.
Come because the libshits hate you. Stay because our God Emperor is truly awesome!
Same here. Have always been socially liberal and fiscally conservative, but now I’m considered a hat
As a former bernie bro, welcome to the fold.
There will eventually only be a handful of them left after they've insulted and divided any and ever
Welcome fellow Nazi.
To be fair, we are pretty one sided too, at least with our votes. Our political beliefs are pretty d
I'm a centrist who doesn't like Trump as a person at all but I have way more in common with views he
[orange man bad](https://i.imgur.com/xuPf6HD.jpg)

Have a great weekend friend :)
You might also feel welcome in the libertarian subs as a centrist. Welcome fellow shitlord. Enjoy yo
Most of those people aren't "left" in the traditional meaning of the word (meaning economically). Mo
Wait, you have a single opinion that differs from mine?!

Fuck you!!!

Mods, ban this fuck from my v
Welcome to T_D. We accept anyone who loves the United States of America regardless of race, religion
Welcome, grab a coat, and bring your friends!
You need a coat! Has anyone gotten you a coat yet?  Also, a brick for the wall and welcome to the Tr
To the left, disagreement is hate, and common sense is bigotry. Welcome. 
Welcome to t_d

Last bastion of the centrists of old.
Grab a coat. And a brick!
We welcome all. May the force be with you. I personally love differing views as long as they are pre
Everyone is welcome, we're a pretty diverse group here.  Please try to red-pill your friends and fam
Welcome to the open minded discussion area of Reddit.
You seem like a plant. 
Welcome fam.
I got news for you man

VI   Trump Supporters Only

This forum is for Trump supporters only. If you 
Welcome pede.  Do you have a coat?
[deleted]
A 1980s liberal would be conservative today.  A 2019 liberal would have been committed in the 80s.
Get this person a coat
T_D is the only sub I can stand anymore 
Welcome, patriot!
ALLL ABOARD 
https://i.redd.it/16pvqdu0nx021.jpg
I used to consider myself a centrist, and for a while voted Democrat, when I was in my 20s and livin
Same, I used to be a centrist Democrat. Now I'm an anti-Leftist who, after extensive research, ended
Absolutely here with you too (and surely many others). It's so unbelievably hateful on the Left. The
Somebody get this patriot a coat!
I consider myself a liberal. The difference is that I consider myself a liberal republican. A libera
Welcome on board. Get this man a coat!
I was forced to be here because when this sub started I came and made questions and jokes about Mr.T
It's funny the first post I've made in politics was actually critizing Trump. First response I get? 
Centrist as well, the left LOATHE when you state facts , they reeeeee for hours stalking and saying 
No Rino
Same here...
Everyone seems to have forgotten, *this website is a tool* 
I love you - let's Make America Great Again - together <3
Welcome!
Welcome. Enjoy.
Welcome to the sanity, friend

Feel free

Free to discuss, debate, shitpost and smile

As the new ag
Have a brick and enjoy. 
Just note this sub is by design not for debating, we all encourage it, but in one of the Donald's si
So the left has opened themselves up to a massive network security breach.  Awesome. How many did th
Haha. Awesome. Welcome pede. Gather your memes and get busy 👍🎉
You'll be more than welcome here. I used to be a brainwashed Democrat but got pushed into becoming m
Welcome! The left calls us hateful, deplorable, Russian bots, white nationalists, racists, sexists, 
Free thinkers like you are welcome here. Join the celebration. This is one of the most positive subs
Buckle in and get ready for a great ride!
Welcome to the winning team friend!
Be pro America and Anti-communist and you will do just fine. 
As long as you don't insist that men can literally be women, or that all men are vermin, or that it'
Just out of curiosity, why do you call yourself a centrist? A quick glance at your post history show
i'm pretty far right and love to talk shit but i'll respect sincere, dissenting opinions. 

make civ
Since you've now posted here you've instantly lost any argument on reddit. "Oh wow you post on r/the
They're afraid. Fear makes them behave irrationally. Their conditioned to believe one side, over the
I feel like if there were ever a time for someone on reddit to say “username checks out” to me. This
I see posters from 2 hours ago were being downvoted. Sorry I could only get some of you back up to 0
Welcome aboard!! LETS GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT
They've lost the plot. I'm a left-leaning centrist but get called a right-wing nazi all the time.   
If you spend enough time here I think you'll find we are actually very centrists in our views. Many 
I fucking love you all. God bless America.
Welcome to the trenches, brother. *Dig in*!

It’s a wild ride.

A comfortable ride, but nonetheless 
Welcome. Yes, they don't realize that their insane hatred of anyone who disagrees with them is just 
Sorry it came to this. Being bullied into a political side isn't good. Good to see you here, but sad
I congratulate you OP for your jump to reason but I must inform you that it’s much more difficult ov
Same here. I was a Democrat my whole life. But they have gotten so extreme post-Obama that I can no 
You may not see this, but thanks for posting and sharing how you see things. I can’t talk politics w
I was leaning liberal before the election. Then the left started acting like 2 yr olds throwing a te
I wouldn't really say this sub will accept differing views tbh....I have been temp banned for someth
Sooooo... you are like 75% of the subscribers here.


Welcome to the best sub on reddit.  :)
Wew! Get this patriot a coat!
WOW. What a bunch of faggots commenting against you. They are seriously blaming trump for the shutdo
Welcome home!!!!
Welcome sir! 
I'd also like to add:

This Train has no brakes. This isn't a deficiency, it's a *feature*. Strap in
Welcome, Patriot! You will find friendly folks, and good information here. 
Dig in; it is a lot of fun over here.  Welcome!!  8)
Welcome aboard, make sure to strap yourself in because there’s six years to go and this train has no
This person posts in TD disregard!
Have an upvote and stop subscribing to liberal guilt.
Welcome home 'pede.


Meh. You *REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK*! 

Downvoted & you're a bigot! /s

&#x200B;

But upvoted because HEY
Welcome aboard! I'm libertarian and joined about 1 week ago myself. 

It has been incredibly welcomi
Welcome. I'm a non-religious centralist in the same boat essentially. I actually joined Reddit years
Tbh I’m just subscribed to keep track of this thing, still better than the left’s bs tho XD
Welcome! We respect your opinions. Although we may challenge some we will always do so with logic an
I couldn’t stand trump as a candidate in the primaries... But after the job he’s done, I might just 
Bro. I’m an Atheist living in Southern California who likes electric vehicles. I voted for Trump bec
Fucking same. Welcome 🇺🇸
This place isn't so great either, but yeah at least you can say what you want.

Lotsa snowflakes in 
But the post history says OP is Canadian :l
Welcome, I'm here because I don't want to form opinions in an echo chamber.
\#walkaway, dude, #walkaway. Welcome. Much the same here, although I left the Left long ago. All oth
The pedes welcome you, fellow traveller.
Can a European get a damn coat around here?!
In this thread: half the bricks required to build the wall.^^10^^feet^^higher
Welcome!
I am curious how many actual people still post in politics/polhumor or if it is nearing 90%+ of NPCs
The left pushed me here too fellow Patriot.  Welcome!   Get this guy a coat!
I was like you. Very down the middle. When I'd talk with liberals, they'd "reeeeee!!!!!" and think I
I was a liberal. Then 2016 happened and they went fucking crazy so I did more research and am now a 
Well the left is mentally ill so...
Just be careful, because this train was installed WITHOUT BRAKES!!! The conductor is named Pepe, he'
Are you a duel citizen or something? It looks like you live in Canada just from your post history. J
Welcome! It's very sad seeing what is becoming "normal" to the Left. I've been around the center all
A few years ago, politicalcompass.org placed me as an economic centrist and libertarian. Over the la
Wow you must be a nazi bigot racist to sub to the Donald.  


That's what brought me here 2 years ago. I just wanted answers to simple questions and civil discuss
Its is soooo much more fun here than anywhere else.

They are so PC it kills your humanity in any ot
I voted and was a registered Democrat since 1988. I left any semblance of the party when Trump was c
Outside of here is bot-land. Share Blue bots leftist stuff up and our stuff down.

Without their bot
Well now you're going to be relegated to being an evil alt right white supremacist Nazi fascist - al
Same
Other views are great as long as you can back it up with real logic. Keep to your values. Could very
You must be one of the extremist centrist I keep reading about in r/redacted
Somebody get this redditor a coat!
You're welcome here. Grab a coat.
Welcome aboard!

If you check my latest post history, you'll see why it's saner to be here, rather t
Congratulations: welcome to the "You post on T\_D, your argument is invalid!" club. 

&#x200B;

The 
How can you vote for Trump if you live in Canada?..

Post history is all from this one uni near wher
Personally, I wish that he would tweet less and deregulate more. But I have no complaints concerning
Dude... You're from Canada... You're not voting for shit.
I was banned in about an hour from r/politics.

None of the nicest people were there.

I did joke bu
Welcome aboard.
It's so cute when a new pede is born. It's also interesting that the thing that made this one switch
Welcome, friend!! You are now OFFICIALLY a Nazi Racist White Supremacist Uneducated Sexist Russian B
The left is so far left now that anyone center left is considered a nazi and alt-right bigot.
Welcome my friend 
Welcome back to the fight, Rick

http://screenprism.com/assets/img/article/tumblr_m5vh2eGUM71rykgq4o
Shitty SPen artist
Huffing paint and eating the paint chips at an accelerated rate is bad Jim.... 
We have heard about "proxy wars" over the years - eg, Korea, Yemen -

it occurred to me that we are 
Mitt Romney is a fucking national disgrace. 

Prove me wrong. 
It’s not “The Land” they’re after! It’s “The Free Ride”! And yes, these delusional idiots actually b
Absolutely excellent video. Thanks for the link. I'm a big fan of Sargon. The guy is an example of a
I have those books but haven’t had a chance to read them yet. I wish he still did the man on the str
I've read Liberalism. I have Fake News, but haven't gotten to it yet.

Reading Liberalism was like r
I like Mark Dice.. sometimes. Sometimes he is high speed.. sometimes he can get a bit extreme for me
http://magaimg.net/img/6z67.jpg
I love mark dice. His books are so informative and everything is sourced! Not enough people give his
Me too!  They're the ones coming here illegally.  They should be punished as such.
In what world are children allowed to remain with their families after committing an arrestable crim
A lot of them aren’t even families TBH. Just kids scooped up by random people.
Geez dude.
Ballsonaro gets it. His first priority was to fire communists from the civil service and education s
Now THAT will be awesome.
This is gonna get very interesting in a great way!
BRU?

BRU!
Haha this fucking timeline.
Europe is going to end up on the outside looking in
A **Christian** pact at that. That's sure to get some ma'am's panties in a bunch
I pray this happens 
I need to get a Visa to make a pilgrimage to Brazil in honor of the Deus Imperador do Brasil, in hon
The holy trinity
Nice. 
Already happened!
I’d be hesitant to get Russia involved. Putin hates us. Keep him at arms length. 
#KEK this really triggered you shill faggots. 
I can’t believe people buy the perception that we are weak. The Obama administration and all related
lol at the Afghanistan blurb on the poster "100k troops are due to withdraw by 2014"  ... oops
The United States has the power to whoop everyone's ass at the same time and in the event that we mi
Love all the stereotyping they project. They literally have no idea who we are.
I've gotten these too. I don't even post often, and when I do it's usually in some other sub. I woul
I'm stealing this. It'll be my NPC response to the NPC racist remarks.
https://mobile.wnd.com/2018/09/psychiatrist-trump-derangement-syndrome-is-real-and-serious/

The onl
Welcome to the club! 😊🇺🇸 I too get hate mail quite often now. It’s because they know they’re losing.
I think he misspelled his name. Should be fragilewhitemale
Would not doubt if these folks are paid to demoralize. They do this shit to me all the time. Maybe t
Good ol' dehumanization. The left never changes their tune Andy it's monotonous.
I got chased around by one today using the **exact same language.** He was relentless but he had not
The Triggered can't trigger.
Perfect reply
I get these all the time... like we are going to get triggered by the mentality disabled.
your response is fuking awesome! 

Have an upvote
Christ the fact they had to actually create a Reddit user name to show their political belief is sad
Love it, congrats Pede!
It is sacrilegious to post here on the Donald, most of reddit will never forgive you.  Apparently yo
Wow, this dude must be real depressed or something, shit.  Who makes a name like that, and who spend
Insanely accurate. 
He also went to Berkeley at the height of the "free speech" and hippie movement from '67 to '69, so 
Read Technological Slavery. It’s many of his essays. I hate to give a murderer a compliment but the 
Yeah, I read this in high school a few years after his spree and remember thinking - ‘wow, this guy 
He may have had an insanely high IQ but it isn't genius-level thought to see that liberals are alway
He went to go live in the woods after the CIA mindfucked him with MKultra experiments.
I feel conflicted about praising a nut on his insight. 
It’s always fascinating to see how objectively brilliant people with no filters, see the world. 
Did you just assume its gender?!?!?!?  LMAO!
But what about the working class tax return??
Why are they mostly democrats? 
Like i said in another post.  If illegals hadnt taken all the non-essential civilian jobs, these non
The media is gonna twist his words, like they always do...

“Trumps says ‘I don’t care that the majo
Look at noodle hair on the left side still walking free 
Kid looks like he’s trying to protect himself from his moms suicide vest
Jesus Christ what the hell is going on. Sit the fuck down kids. Things need to change, and fast. Thi
oof
Democrats are fuckin weird 
Her head is not covered. She has dishonored herself, her family and Islam.
Openly mocking our country.  This is literally a joke to them, taqiyya......
Is that ramen noodle hair behind her?
Oh come on. That's barely a dab. Can't even get that one right.
Im so ashamed of my state for voting for this cunt. Her and her little dingle berries she squeezed o
The little kid the big rude kid pressed his body against in order to do his way outdated dance move 
Should we put radical right wing conservatives in office?
Pretty sure her son is a "motherfucker." Fuck Islam.
Correct me if I'm wrong. There is no Palestine. It's a made-up country. That we should have someone 
what a fucking circus
A purge is needed.
Dabbin referred to smoking weed! Absolute Haram!! She and her son are going to hell for disrespectin
Can't even dab properly.
Where is her husband? 
I hate to be a bully but could somebody get this little motherfucker out of here?  
How can there be a Palestinian-American Woman when there is no country called Palestine? 
A gen z kid dabbing at an inappropriate time.  Not shocked. 

The kid is probably a conservative and
This does't look like us congress
“But drumpf needs to act more presidential!”
I'm more concerned about the dude dabbing next to her
How do fail at dabbing ?
Poor Thom. Jefferson. Spinning in his crypt. 
The technique on that day is extremely cringey. 
This is gayer than aids
Add third panel of Elon’s Tesla in space and you’re done.   You’re welcome.  
BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST. INFOWARS.COM

Benghazi Whistleblowers – The story behind the cover-up

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vUJSvynux

CLINTON CASH OFFICIAL DOCUMENTARY MOVIE ( FULL )


    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmMe-2qaSss&
Aloha snackbar?  
Islamisfuckingcancerforever
I was like..” mmm you never hear of wolves killing people.... ohhh. Got it.”
No step on snek 
WWII tho 
I'm not a statist, but this is fairly accurate, so to speak.
No steppy the pepe
Bite that motherfucking leg!!
I stumbled across [this article](https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5323928) from
##DO IT!!
The reaction of the reporter with mouth wide open when he hears that trump could just do what he wan
Democrats are going to look really stupid if he just builds the wall anyways and they wasted a negot
Do it
I’m down! 
#DO MY BIDDING!
Trump has the best hand.

Democrats pass the funding for the wall. 

Or nothing passes and the wall 
Doesn't even need to. Use the left over cash we were about to sink into fucking Syria. Fucking armpi
Perfectly timed sticky.
 
All the hard working Americans are finally home from 'Making America Great
***DO IT***
GEOTUS: “We’re not playing games.” 

I believe him, and it warms my GD heart. 

😁👌
Dew it
You only need to point to one death to justify the wall, that it is needed to protect the citizens f
He’s not going to declare a state of emergency to fund the wall. The only way I think he ever would 
Let's go!!
Good God, while I would like the wall and almost would be happy to see him do it, it would also rip 
It's going to be done either way. Maybe democrats won't look so anti-American if they simply act lik
MURICA that shit!
9th Circuit: 
"We find the President of the United States exerting his authority as granted by the c
Declare a state of emergency. Do what you have to do to secure our borders. 
Straight out of house of cards when frank used fema money to fund his jobs plan. 
Go back to the press conference with Nancy and Chuck where Trump said that he would own the shutdown
#FUCKEN DO EEETTTTT. GET THAT WALL DONE!
Whatever it takes.  You ALONE are the CEO of the United States.  They can not stop you from protecti
Build the wall AND keep the gov shut down. Win win.
Should have happened 700 Days ago. 
Well I support whatever has to happen...  Thank you God for letting us have this man as President!


Close all borders for 5 years:

or Until

1) A proper southern border barrier can be erected.

2) Al
We finally have a President who is taking immigration policy and border security seriously.
That’s it?
Please do it. Don't understand why he didn't do this last year. 
And still don’t open government.  For it to be opened, all laws limiting access to arms must be repe
He said this months ago.  

Fucking do it.
in a way, this is more like acknowledging a state of emergency, because the state of emergency in bo
DEW IT!
##STOP MR. PRESIDENT, I CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT!!!
I dont think a lot of people know how powerful the president is if he declares a national emergency.
This fucking wall better start getting built by 2020. I don't care how he does it. 
Do it, Mr. President!
#**AMERICANS ARE DYING**
If they don't give in next week, forget about the 5.6 billion and say you found out you actually nee
You have failed cultures that have never produced a single productive or successful country attempti
That would be great, but frankly, at this point, I want to see Chuck and Nancy DO TRUMP'S BIDDING, a
Do it!
There’s been reports of another caravan coming. This IS a state of emergency. We must fund this wall
Doooooooooooooooo Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet!!!
I like your username.
Do it but for $55 billion and a full wall.
Wonderful news. 
#DO IT

#LOCK HER UP ALSO
GOOD. IT IS. 
Migrant caravans has unintended results.
YES!
Do it! 
Please do it!  
We've been invaded for the past 60 years by a mobile army that's 30 million in total and looking to 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=v1dPRSyq5P0
DO IT Mr President!
Good it is. We're losing sovereignty and the Democrats are expediting it. 
Yes! It's paramount that we separate ourselves from the hordes. We need the Wall. 
Do it! Drive them mad with hate for protecting America!
Use State of Emergency, then the dems will try to backtrack just to save face. Thankfully it will be
Dew it.
Awesome. Now we can have the Corp of engineers get to work ASAP.
Why is this good
#TAKE MY ENERGY \O/
Well, another one? We've been in a SoE for over a year now. Really. 
Do it! Look at me, do it!
I haven't prayed in years but I'm considering it to help make this happen.
There was terrorists that tried to come across the border recently. He should've just done it.

Also
National State of Emergency - NSOE NOW! 
We got this.
Let the chips fall where they may.
#DEW IT
SO DO IT!!!
it is imo, e er couple of weeks literal legions of homeless people rush our border while raping, pil
Called it during the campaign. It would have to be done this way, there would be no support from eit
A classic creative Frank Underwood move!!
Just fucking do it then! I’m so tired of this. Promises mad, promises kept, remember? 
Ohhh long johnson
Trump needs to forget the rules and do what he needs to to make it happen.  The Dems are NOT going t
Here is how: https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/acpn6f/10_us_code_2808_construction_author
Just fucking do it then
Don't be open to it, just do it!
Declare it, build it. 
Thank god-I was worried about this too. This shit is real this time.  The dems WILL turn their backs
I don't think the wall's a good idea. I mean, the premise of it all is pretty good, but I think it w
[removed]
You do know that most illegal immigrats come by plane, not over the border right?
[removed]
Lethal dose of Fentanyl is about 2mg. 1060 lbs is about 480kg, enough to kill 240 million people.
Are they planning to kill us? How is this much used? 
Soros was an actual Nazi, and one of the architects for Antifa.
For clarification: by “help,” OP means “was so violent and obnoxious that the Germans decided the gu
whoever called her fabulous was clearly a prop actor
Maybe someone should grab her a beer...
My God, this is so bad. I cant even do it. The cringe hurts too much. 
How long until Hillary has her suicided with a drone?

3 weeks?
@ 17:35

Put a ticket in the bucket and you can ask a question if we draw your name. 
Yes, that's no
Couldn't pass 7 seconds

Looks like a bad sad SNL skit

So I guess we are shifting to the most badas
Holy fuck I watched for 2 minutes and almost hanged myself
I think she's being used as a diversion like Bernie was to make someone else appear to be the better
So funny to see these feminist "women" try and bring "energy" to the table. They just end up screech
Elizabitch Warring
So much cringe hahaha
Cringahontas 
She needs to learn how to work the crowd with words like, "Please clap!"
I'd rather time travel back to high school and do calculus homework on a Friday night than watch tha
Pocahontas is just a fluffer for Killary.
They're mocking all 3. Way it should be.
Pussy grabs back? 
Rented Venom...opening scene has a rainbow flag with RESIST written on it 🤦🏻‍♀️. Don’t care about wh
That is one big shit eating grin Mr. President 
"The America Dream"

We love you President Trump! 
If there is a man on this planet who claims he wouldn't trade places with Trump, if he had the skill
It’s like he’s posing with a million dollar thoroughbred that just won the derby. 
This pic is great!   Is there a higher rez version?
Now THAT'S A SHIT EATING GRIN! Love it!
I am so happy this America's First Family! 
he used to be part of the pagent (miss usa or universe) shows. He got taste. 

I am not lesbian but Melania is stunning
We went from 8 years of a linebacker as first lady to this dish...lovely lady.
There's a man who understands winning.  
No love at all for Theodore Roosevelt?! The man was basically responsible for the power that America
He's thinking about Barry and big Mike
mod's have taken this down twice already. not sure why. am i not allowed to goof too?
Yeah, they support the working class, alright.  Just like a tapeworm supports your body.
This artist really captured that face they all seem to make.  You know the one.  It looks like grump
Exactly.  They say they support the working class but don't actually support the working class.
If you want to shut them down, just reply with a quote:

***"The goal of Socialism is Communism"***

How do commies support the working class when they don't have a job?

Remember when the left called 
Is he trying to shake with the left hand?
"Support" really means want to "enslave"
'Democratic socialism' is still theft. If all the people at my job agree that it's okay for me to ro
It's funny the government is shut down 

But what it to get in the mail the other day 

A letter fro
It’s why democrats won’t win in 2020 so it’s ok.
Yeah, because the only way liberals and socialists can win is to cheat the system.
Welcome to the gulag
We are on the front page of all the liberal redditors minds most of the day!  Check r/politics and s
Fuck Reddit's front page. It's a circle jerk of leftist, sjw shitheads that don't know what bathroom
"Welcome to the show Reddit where everything is made up and the points don't matter."

Either way, w
To be fair, Paul Ryan wouldn't release it either.  Either way, we should see it & DECLASSIFY THE FIS
Probably some pedo stuff in there as well
Have Trump tweet this!!!
She needs to protect the people who have her back.
They are caught in an infinite loop of aborting democratic voters and importing illegals to replace 
The argument does not go like that, its about freedom to choose to have a child. But yeah they are b
Do these morons realize population size as it pertains to labor is one of the primary potential driv
All because she chose to stop wearing hijab.

Anyone who still claims islam is a feminist religion i
Fuck Islam. Shit on Muhammed! Islam is a death cult of deranged mental cases causing nothing but hum
She publicly decided to stop wearing the Hijab so other Muslims started harassing her.
Such tolerance. Such empowerment. Such freedom of choice. 47 minutes worth of feminist champions. Tr
Christianity has some skeletons in its closet when it comes to human rights. It wasn't always fair t
What I’m not seeing is her leaving Islam. Why would any woman believe in a religion that makes them 
If you want more evidence of this, check out /r/exmuslim/. They've heard it all there. 
Man made organized religions n humans DON'T MIX!
Seven. Fucking. Kids.
Let's see, I doubt the man or the woman make enough money to pay income taxes.  If they have seven k
leftist lurkers down-voting everything
Get them out get them the hell out 
Now we just need 20 million more of the same thing except the kids need to go too.  7 kids -poof- ci
End birth right citizenship
Good catch! That's 8 less mouths the taxpayers have to feed.
Remove your uterus lady..
Womp Womp IDGAF

Relevant:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RBqjZ0KZCa0
ICE tramples protection accorded under Bill of Rights.  An arrest warrant is not a search warrant.  
Really good (short) McCullough book about a year when victory was far away.  Washington's early head
Thank God that ambulance wasn't driving through an antifa or blm protest (riot)...
If that were a BLM or Antifa protest the Ambulance wouldn't be able to move an inch and the person n
That's some Ray Reddington levels right there.
big if true
They say history moves in cycles...
>... police are still looking for the other 25
2/27 are literal rapists, horrifically violent one's too.  And that's with the extreme vetting that 
[deleted]
Wishfully thinking people coming from countries with up to 50% rates of incest, horrible poverty, an
If you had a handful of m&ms....
Those rape victims are mere **kafirs.**

**Kafir** is the Muslim word for us non-Muslims. It's a sec
They let in 27 too many.

&#x200B;
They have goats in Japan?

I know, it was bad taste :(
I find it interesting that leftists are often weeaboos that worship japanese culture and watch anime
Scary
If it's 2 out of 27 you really have to wonder about some of the places in Europe. 
Japan only admits 27 Muslim refugees?  What?  Are they supposed to admit a thousand of them?

Last I
America :

Republicans - 1 is too many


Democrats - 1,000,000 isn’t enough

I’ll go with the Republ
Japan has its problems like any other country, but at least those problems don't come in the form of
>two arrested for gang rape

leaving 25 who haven't been caught yet
Surprised they even let in that many. I heard Japan is super strict when it comes to immigration. Wi
Who could’ve predicted this? I, for one, am totally shocked that a culture that views women as non-p
Fucking Japan... My 2nd home, I wish the US and Japan had a baby.  I'd be the first one there... 
What a joke.

>The suspects arrived in Japan last year. They applied for refugee status in August an
Rapefugees: But I can't tell if those asian girls are 8 or 18 years old. They look the same to me
These people are incompatible with Western civilization.  We believe in separation of church and sta
So let’s do some math.  If 1/15 refugees are extra rapey and Europe let in 5,000,000 refugees, they 
japan got nuked twice and became based. be like japan.
Too spicy, shut it down!! Someone get the Reddit censorship police! 

This is why reddit admins thre
Wrong way to write it. Should be "13% of Muslim refugees in Japan have been arrested for gang rape"
Lol everywhere the animals are sent they start rape rings, these people are mongrels.
What the hell Japan
That is less than 8%!  The rest of the world needs to adopt Japans' screening process as it works mu
I always thought Japan was Xenophobic and rarely let outsiders live in their country no?
Well...what did we learn?
Why do they behave like nothing more than animals when they get accepted as a refugee? Why ffs?
How come people can watch a movie and recognize there are good and bad guys but not do the same in r
Two guys is kind of a lame gang rape. It's more like a tag team. 
fake news this guy is US navy sailor and photo is from 2016 https://www.usmclife.com/2016/07/okinawa
Why is Japan accepting refugees from Muslim countries?
I thought Japan was woke and banned Muslims?  
Muslims are lower than animals. At least animals don't kill each other out of pure hatred.
It's more tragic because these people aren't exposed to 3rd world savages so when it happens it dest
The solution to refugees is to place them in different parts of the host country. When they are put 
Rapefugees is the proper term
Those poor refugees. The Japanese must've been so mean to them that they were forced to resort to ra
These fucking stone-age savages really can't control themselves, can they?
Why let them in at all they knew this would happen.  Let the muslims clean out that exploded reactor
I mean... statistically....that's actually pretty close to realistic, if you compare it to displaced
Police have to arrest all of them 
\+7.4% chance of getting raped. Sounds good
99% Muslim population living in India was once ethnic Hindus who were converted forcefully by Muslim
Yeah, and knowing how Japan's legal system operates, these guys are fuuuuucked.
Good thing they have the death penalty in Japan, something the goat fuckers can relate to.
They just had to find out the hard way.
Watch the liberals defend them 
Damn... I thought Japan was one of the last places you vacation and not fear this shit. 
That’s a 7.4% chance of gang rape, too high friends
Seriously, wtf is wrong with these animals that where ever they go they are raping women? 
I mean these two hadn’t been accepted as refugees, they were asylum seekers of which there are a lot
Two, too many. 
They're not sending their best!
A mere intake of 27 and Japan already has a muslim gang rape problem. 
Dont blame him. He just followed the example of muhammad the goat fucker
Just emulating what their beloved Prophet would have done.

The penis is also a very effective jihad
Moslems are not civilized in any way that most of the world recognizes as civilized. Islam is the pl
Leftists: yeah, but diversity and white males terrorize more... blah blah.
Paging Yakuza, paging Yakuza.
Im commenting here so the psycho trawling my account for t_d comments realises he's a fucking loser.
Japan tested the waters with 27 of them, and now they know not to take in more.  On the other hand, 
Here's the thing "Liberals".

1 out of 10 million would be enough.  They don't have any fucking "rig
So I am confused. Were there 2 separate rapes or were the 2 guys getting a train on 1 Jap?  
What was their sentence?
didn't they only take in ~25 refugee's as well?
>gang rape

Okay, does this mean two guys on a girl, or are the other 25 involved? 

Gang generally 
Give them time. 
cut of their dicks with a katana

Jesus, how many days or hours had these grown men been there before they had urges they couldn’t res
A Global Pox on humanity indeed...
Fuck.
I thought the Japanese hated Muslims 
To be fair to the other 25 dudes on notice, police in Japan are always looking at you if you are a f
Those are rookie numbers. Germany or Sweden have way higher numbers.
On the other hand that could be a solution to Japans demography problem according to democrats proba
Maybe china don't mind add 27 people to camp.

Japan, do not import ANYBODY! These are savages who know nothing but how to destroy. Learn from the 
just a reminder roughly 1 in 10 ppl in the usa was born in another country
Hey guys, they must have had "sexual emergencies"
But but but I thought it was evil white men shooting schools that were destroying cultures and civil
Just think how extreme the vetting was on those refugees!!! 

This is the kind of scum we have allow
they aren't as tolerant of refugees sexual emergencies
Oh wow that’s so crazy and unexpected wow. Sure does seem like there’s maybe some cultural differenc
Muslims are worst all over world
Honesty I'm surprised it's so few 
It's because they're barbaric. 
7.4% of them are rapists, I guess thats far less than everywhere else.
14% rapists seems legit
The mainstream media has been working overtime to figure out how to blame Trump for this.
Lol at "only" 2 thats almost 10 percent
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.tokyoreporter.com/japan-news/breaking/tokyo-cops-arrest-turkish-asy
It's what the snake does. Send them all back. 
Meanwhile in Belgium over half of the citizens aren't even Belgian. It's literally infested here wit
Jesus christ... AND LEFTISTS WANTS HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF THEM HERE????

#NO THANK YOU
After this they halted all muslim migration.

&#x200B;
Wrong country to fuck with there own. 


They may be 3rd world dolphin killing savages; but Japan ke
Please its "misunderstand of consent" ugh dont you people realize its 2019! 
Well that escalated quickly. 
I’m guessing they’re all Saudis.  How the fuck else do you get such a high rape ratio?
A gang rape is two or more.  I wonder if these dudes get extra hard or maybe need their muzz buddy’s
What is your source on this?? 
Sad.
Disgusting!! LOCK HIM UP!!! 
Anyone have sauce for this?
[https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/NewsArchive/Four-British-girls-teacher-raped-at-gunpoint-on-
This is why Japan takes in literally no one. Legally, you can’t become a citizen in Japan unless you
Can somebody post it on r/islam ?

Show 'em the true nature of their ideology
As a republican when It comes to these issues I understand how this works in our favor howevere, sma
7% of Japan's Muslim immigrants take part in gang rapes then. Dam.
I 100% believe this... but is there a source so I can pass this along to my leftist friends?
Just like Demoncrats, they wreck everything.

It's not a *bad* or totally irrelevant point to talk about the dangers of letting an incompatible cu
MSM: But it was at the same time so it’s really 1/27 and 4% ain’t bad. 
Bury those fuckers at sea.
They should deport them. Muslims are primitives.
Get them out 
Scums who violate women. Liberal American women would see this and still deny the real problem. In f
Wild, untameable animals.
u know this is fake right? 
[deleted]
You’re wrong and here’s why:

• Japan took in just 28 refugees in 2016, despite record applications

Can't blame them for what their religion condones. 

They were brought up that way.

Need to start f
[removed]
Is 2 a gang tho?
What is your issue with Arabs
Hey look, there’s a white dude casually walking by him not looking at all worried about getting kill
It’s more than racism against whites existing. Racism against whites has become so mainstream and in
Blacks have always been doing this kind of shit to each other and other people over history.

I'm wo
What would the media say if whitey to the right retaliated, pulled out a gun and shot the innocent b
I believe this is old and from South Africa.
If you did what would you have?
People wear this shit to provoke others. I assure you, if I saw this in person, they would get the c
A total loser at life blames White people for his poor life choices.
The white guy in the picture on the right: 

Excuse me guys...i have an early morning tomorrow.
Dumbass libtard white dude hanging out. 
Whenever they say "reverse racism isn't real" I say, "yeah, it's not real, it's just called racism."
As a Latino, I’m getting really fucking tired of all the racism my white American brothers and siste
Yet when we move to the farthest reaches of the earth, to the most hostile environment, to develop o
That’s genocide and not racism! Gotcha, newb!
Looks like a half way house
I remember this getting posted and reaching the front page some years ago.

The left tried to brush 
Just a Poker Game. He’s the dealer. 
Lol missed one..
I like how when the camera angle changes, the racist guy appears to be wearing a big glowing klan ha
Guys lets start punching racists
If a white person wore a shirt that said kill all black he would be best to death. Double standards
How uplifting.
It really does, as does discrimination against whites, white males in particular, mostly because of 
If a white person did this, he or she would be charged for a hate crime.
And people wonder why we love the second amendment so much. 
they're welcome to try
Is that an Off White label T Shirt
Imagine if a dude shows up to meet his friends there, and he is wearing a klan outfit, and his frien
In that sub, mods might of had to lock the thread, or there’s several comments agreeing with the guy
SO WOKE
How can they  justify this garbage?? 
No one is claiming there isn’t anti-white racism anymore. Today they claim it’s deserved.
That's an awfully big sentence for a fifth grader. Did his teacher help him write that?
This guy is why I carry
Everyone sitting with him is also a piece of shit.
this gave me Zulu war flashbacks 
Could you argue selfdefense because you felt threatened?
Whaaaat!? I thought only white folk are racist...
Most liberals would consider him "woke" and "empowered".
At least on subs like that, those posts are heavily upvoted, so at least some people have common sen
REEEEEEE
So sad 
[removed]
I bet he got trashed and someone wrote it on his shirt while passed out and he has not changed yet. 
Well now hold on, maybe the front of his shirt said “I think it is a hateful ideology and I don’t wa
It's okay cuz all whites be rayciss.
Ok this just doesn’t belong here. This is just some asshole with no affiliation. 
Sad to see many of the ignorant, racist comments on this sub. 
>aol.com

Checks to see if OP is grandmother
just a lie to try and capture center votes.
I got through “if you’re going to be president” 🤮
Sending mixed smoke signals
Are voters so stupid that they cant see what politicans do at every election cycle.

They pick hot i
It really seems that Trump is hitting the core issues in the way the country wants. Ending the wars.
She's pretending to be a populist now. Problem is, it's socialist populist. 
If Pocahontas really wanted to be president she should immediate cross the aisle and convince 9 of h
Trump's positions are so undeniably popular that his opponents are trying to steal them
Dems in 2020

Orange man bad
 
Fake Redskin good?



Florida Rally:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2qIXXafxCQ
WEW! Gives me chills every time. I watched that speech live and knew we were making history.
Powerful. Thank you President Trump for all that you do. 
No, and this should not be shocking to anyone. Whenever I’m asked “why a wall?” I just say he ran on
Very peaceful as usual...
Just told my wife that I just found the Mustang I was looking for. This is awesome!
The provision allows any expenses necessary from the total allotted 10.6 billion that our military c
Lefties downvoting this post: "NO NO NO MY NARRATIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Sounds pretty clear to me.
BREAKING (tomorrow):  9th circuit judge rules US Code 2808 unconstitutional

Who wants to make a bet
Eisenhower built the cross country interstate systems by declaring we needed to be able to get troop
Perfect! He really knows what he is doing.
This should be stickied
If the rumored 15,000 person caravan from Honduras is a real thing, that would make a valid excuse f
This is so **hugely freaking powerful** that its importance cannot be overstated.

The statute is cl
I saw someone complain that Trump would even consider declaring this situation a "national emergency
Well, well well, isn't that a nice little find.

&#x200B;

But let me play the cuckold's advocate fo
This is great news! #FINISHTHEWALL
I just joined the military and would gladly sacrifice what I had to in order to get this done once a
Keep voting this Pedes!
Oh shit, Wall up!
All you guys know we've already been in a SoE for over a year now, right? We're good, folks. 
Build it up, build it up, build it higher.

Build it up up up up up into the sky.
W  I  N  N  I  N  G
Trump is brilliant in playing both sides of the coin. One on hand, he can literally build the wall w
Waste of money. Every single cent of that is needed to give to Israel and Iran.
Interesting isn't it...  I can't wait to see what happens next.

Thanks for sharing this bit of info
And there it is... black and white.
Good thing we've at war since 2001. 
https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/STATUTE-91/pdf/STATUTE-91-Pg1625.pdf
Powell noted how the Supreme Court, in a 5-4 decision, recognized the president’s broad discretion g
Thanks for sharing this.  This can't be any different than when FDR had the TN Valley thingy built d
Think about it. If we leave Syria and Afghanistan, the savings alone will be more than enough to bui
Ya but it will be taking money from the family housing development so they will make him look a mons
There is no bigger loser than CPL.  He has to be up to his eyeballs in debt, especially with his TV 
 No reason to bring this loser up.  He lost before he even started. 

Wife beating, soy boy, beta cu
He must spend his life blocking hostile twitter accounts. 
He's so much better when he is the underdog and out fighting.

Winning the House in 2018 was the wor
madman
Not far right.... *just* right.

And this is why you filthy Marxists in the fake news circus are tre
Trump should’ve purged the government of leftists when he got in.  Would’ve saved a lot of trouble.
Ahhh "far right". Gotta love the buzzwords used to try and discredit logical thinking people 
He has to. The far-left has been in Brazil for so long that any of his moderate ideas will be percei
>In March 1993, Janet Reno began her tenure as President Bill Clinton’s attorney general by summaril
We need to make another T_D subreddit but instead of Trump it’s this guy 
Not far enough right for me. I would have had them executed.
I kinda don't understand why Trump didn't do a more thorough deep cleaning in his own house. There w
This happens every time administration changes, from smaller samples, like a new president of the su
I prefer dropped from helicopters but fired is fine to I guess 
BYE!
Fuck the rats that urged the God Emperor to temper his initial assault on the swamp.
Far right isn't in air quotes, but "left wing" is ... lol. Written by Kebob Khan. 
How do you identify "left wing" and why would they tell you the truth? 
Trump needs to do this at DOJ, especially FBI, DHS, State and CIA.  


Those are rookie numbers....
So far I'm liking this guy mucho
Are you reading this GEOTUS? Please follow suit. 
This is a GOOD move. I like this. I'm liking this guy a LOT. Fire all the Civil Servants. Parties sh
"Left wing" is a euphemism for "Filthy commies."
This is where the freedom begins!
...and when Brasil's economy turns around and becomes the strongest in South America, Obama will be 
When you're so far left as the independent, then anything right of center is far right to you.
Why couldn’t GEOTUS do this? Sessions? Rosenstien? Prebus? Mueller for that matter? Checks and balan
"civil servants" kek
I read this title in Anakin Skywalker's voice
This guy just made second place behind GEOTUS
Do the British allow their soldiers to play with guns?
Changing their military from a fighting force to an inclusive social program for entitled communists
Unit takes 40% casualties before seeing combat.
Good luck with that. The British will need to learn a new language.
I wonder if they will allow them butterknives. 
What’s the policy on “safe spaces” in the British Army, and how many fairy lights can I string up in
So many STD's in the sky
Lmao, you were looking at the clock 12:50, 12:51, 12:52, now thats dedication!

Nice!
"What is it thinking?"  


Lots of fun pillow fights?
I had one in high school. Awesome 
Trudeau's nephew
This is what Ocasio-Cortez is going for. WE pay 75% income tax so SHE can live in splendor with her 
What's really weird is his brother runs Canada!
I didn’t know Fidel Reproduced
"Orange man bad"
Why is he still on Twitter? He should be posting on gab.io and let that shithole sink.
If they can get in and stay in, then what about other forms of mental illness.  
Trump needs to point out all the wasteful spending the Dems support such as foreign aid, pork projec
End all foreign aid! 
I love this, it’s mine now.
Why not date a white man convicted of rape. Life is full of contradictions.
Contrary to the narrative of the liberal media, you pedes are the real allies of the Jewish people. 
#ENOUGH OF THIS HORSEFACE. 

#IMA BLOCK EVERY USER THAT POST HER SHIT!
Thank you. Her hotness and her ability to piss off conservatives with her stupidity is her power. Th
I agree! 
She's living rent free in the heads of a lot of people on here.  
Even bad advertising is advertising, even this post is advertising, just saying. 
It’s the same trap liberals fall into with Trump.
Yes..let’s just let this small minded person spin out and go away. 
Yeah, if you want to talk about how stupid the things she says are, group up all socialist and keep 
True that. I wish little benjie would stop pretending to not promote her. LOl
Please and thank you.
I'm fairly guilty of this just these past two days, it's just the salt I need though, I neeeed the s
Come on boys. Lets get this to the front page. This is critical!
i stop everyone from promoting her by promoting her stupidity
More like Bruce Jenner winning "Woman of the Year"  ;)
Man, men are beating women at everything lately. Even most admired woman.
The smell of old cabbage, rotting meat and stale urine. 
They are using the term woman loosely 
Low information voters, victim culture and good ol' white guilt made this moment possible.
To save the internet from the EU spidy would have had to throw the bus off a bridge.
Why didn't Spider-Man just take that guy out of the way instead of stopping the whole bus that doesn
#F
Seriously how fucking bad is it that she doesn't get praised for signing as a first lady. WAPO shoul
My wife cried when she did her speech. This woman will be a national treasure for Brazil. The amount
Assholes. This makes me angry that they attack these women. Melania and Michelle are by all accounts
What’s wrong with a salute anyway?
Original video: https://mobile.twitter.com/PanichiRaphael/status/1080180302717292544
FUCK WHITE PEOPLE AND THEIR...

SIGN LANGUAGE!


All the fake news aims to do is divide 
They just attack beautiful women no matter where they are. Because the left is nothing but countless
wapo  is disgusting , wish these "news" outlets werent immune to backlash/the law
Washington Post is fake news and that's why I didn't see the Post in theaters 
Relentless
After watching these past few years of fake news, I can no longer support Freedom of the Press witho
http://archive.vn/eYSnv

"Bias and deliberate smears?  In MY leftist media?"

https://imgur.com/a/F2
I love it when the Fake News lies. It only wakes more people up.
WaPo is puke. 
Wow that is disgusting
The problem is they have no shame.
Just when you think they couldn't possible go any lower, they do.
It is the WaPoo. One cannot expect objectivity or even marginal reporting from those racist NPCs.
Enemy of the People!
How dare they be considerate of deaf people... but seriously I got chills watching that, very cool
They hate anything thats beautuful or good
Not only did they print a photo insinuating, they even said it below the picture.  
  
With that sai
WaPo articles are reprinted worldwide in other country's "news" to further their propaganda aims eve
wapo has been fake news for decades
I cant wait to visit a safe and prosperous Brazil 8 years from now 
Joseph Goebbels, Hitler's Propaganda Minister and patron saint of the MSM, is smiling from hell.

Wh
They issued a correction and fixed it very quickly to be fair.
Brasil's first lady is TaBon in my book
Damn she cute
That's worse than the fake news we have to deal with here, even. Terrible, terrible "journalists".
That's what you call propaganda folks. And the WaPo is a propaganda outlet.
Jeff bezos owns that commie rag. 
It’s readers are so brainwashed 
Welcome to the world of 'anything that makes michael obama look bad must be smeared'.
That's why they're called fake news. They've always been bad, but never this bad.

They either spin 
She is a hottie
it's because they don't know what they're reporting. they just saw a picture and their brain filled 
she looks super cute doing it though
FAKE NEWS
Cot Damn thats one hell of a woman right there. 
[removed]
R Kelly literally pissed on a 15 yr old girl on tape and nothing happened...
Another hollywood liberal, another pedophile
Drake knew she was underage.  That's exactly how he likes them.

In fact, he probably got turned off
Or when Snoop’s posses hang rapes one of Jimmy Kimmel’s staff?
#metoo unless you’re a Dem. then we really don’t care what they do. 
It’s almost as if women allow celebrities to grab them by the pussy. Or in this case, titties. 
Drake got hit with the Trump **and** Kanye curse. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we got him. 

(Again, this is like, the 3rd or 4th pedophile thing he has done
"It's not (racism/sexual assault/fraud/voter tampering/insider trading/bigotry) when WE do it!"
He isn't an old white guy so it's cool.
 Democrat presidential candidate?! 
How is this even a political issue hahaha why is their finger pointing at Democrats, im lost
Highest personal dept per GDP capita I believe. 
That's a staggeringly high number.
Yeah. Retro active effects aren't a thing in governement. 
Hey up there?!!   How’s that working out for you, eh?
[177.5% is the national average.](https://www.reddit.com/r/toronto/duplicates/aci7l5/cmhc_revealed_t
Lol. Also, I see they finally fixed her eyes.
I do now that you've pointed it out
Sheer coinkydink, I’m sure🤣🤣🤣
Common sense from a based pede!
THE WALL IS COMING
Just Do it
As it should be. The parks are for all to enjoy...functioning government or not. Just because the go
Done!
Me too  ! Who needs Twitter  !
Is this legit? 
“DrUmPf WiLL bE iMpeaChEd At MuH BaLLoT BoX!!*


*Because Pence will be elected after DJT is term-li
Just like Shitty Schiff spent months insisting there was Russian collusion and that would end Trump'
HAHAHAHAH! Lordy there will be so much salt
Smoke some more crack, Schitt!!!
Really? How interesting, Adam. So the Intelligence Cmte didn't find anything on Trump afterall?
So no collusion or impeachment? 
Beautiful!  Went to the rally in Elkhart IN and had a great time.  Trump supporters are an awesome g
Xir feet too reeeeree
DiD yOu JuSt AsSuMe My GeNdEr¿!?! 
"It must represent *all* women"

Yeah I'm sure they'll accept pro-life women now. /eyeroll/
America is around 12% black and 12% Hispanic.
It's about diversity. Until we are 10 % of the population in our own country they wont be happy.
Sums it up nicely 
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/actild/week_8_of_the_yellow_vests_protests_the_media/?s
Nice meme. I think you should change the Bill Clinton wording to "I'm a Rapist!"
Wait, that would mean these people would need a career _outside of politics_...

😦
Everyone is in favor of term limits until it comes time to limit themselves. 

A noble effort, but I
[deleted]
Great idea. Nobody votes for it. It has been introduced every single session and it never gets to a 
This is not true. Section III of the [proposed amendment](https://www.cruz.senate.gov/files/document
Has anyone asked the Dem voters if they support term limits?
Maybe this 1 idea could bring us all to
Honorable effort Ted. Very cool.
Ted would make a good president someday. 
He should also introduce one that Congress is not paid during a government shutdown.
Won’t ever happen
If youve ever needed proof of deep state puppet use of Congress, note how many Senators and Represen
Were we wrong about Cruz in 2016? Or has the loss made him self reflect and understand why Trump dub
No one should be a career politician. I think it's a great idea. 
Too bad it will never go anywhere... I'm tired of these lip-service bills, how about really passing 
If it wasn't for George Washington, we would be having this problem with the executive branch too. 

Interesting historical fact:

Every time a Convention of States was gearing up in the past, Congress
is he doing this for show knowing it won't pass? 
I don't think it should apply retroactively. I want the cruz missile in senate for another 2 terms
Just allow for grandfathering and more people will support it.  It's for the future!
Yeah that's never gonna pass unfortunately.
This is long overdue. Tired of lifer politicians who are fucking up our country.
he just gained a lot of respect, now lets watch closely who the crooks that oppose this are
Ted Cruz for Supreme Court Justice!!!
Good job Texas Ted 🤠
When a man makes policy that would fire him you know he's real
Great title
There's actually some issues with this logic. Rhino's and bad actors can be bought a dime a dozen. T
this is how the country was intended to be ran. the founding fathers honestly had much better shit t
Cruz is going to be SCOTUS before his term is over. Mark my words.
Should be one and done. Never need to raise money for re election campaigns. 

If you want to make t
If you think the house and senate are going to vote themselves out of a job because it is the right 
I'll vote against anyone who votes against this
The best way to stop the flakes and crooks from being elected and reelected is simple; Voter ID! Mak
Back when Obama was president the Tea Party was all about getting back to the roots of public servic
Someone always introduces something like this, and it never passes.  

Not many turkeys want to vote
Can they stop 100% lifetime salary too????
Ah this may well be what turns the vast majority of voters to vote Republican this next cycle. This 
This is part of the plan to fix things long term that 17 was referring to...


This would revolutionize politics. We would have real government by the people for the people for th
Realistically what does Ted give a shit about? He’s got a secured Senate spot until 2025, at which p
Lifers like Pelosi and Schumer won't allow it to pass - it'd surely give me more faith in our system
I highly doubt this would ever pass. There's so many career politicians who are extremely establishe
I would do 4 terms/ 8 years for the House.  I would also limit the total time in Congress to 16 year
IMO the same should be done with the supreme court - have 10 year terms or something like that
This would have a better chance of passing if all 600,000 of us got behind the Term Limits movement:
Long time Pede. This is stupid 
He knows that by then Texas will be so blue that he wouldn't get reelected anyways
TED CRUISE WILL NEVER GIVE UP HIS SKELEGATE ARMY.

I can't blame him though, it's really damn hard t
I'm glad he's pushing forward in this matter. Cruz has been fighting for this since 2017!  But it sh
If they grandfather in everyone currently in Congress and apply this only to new senators and congre
As much as I really want this to happen,I somehow doubt a lot of corrupt career politicans are going
I'm not a big fan of Lyin' Ted, but I'll give him props for doing the right thing here.
Another bill that will go nowhere. Trump ran on term limits. None of you chant it when you go to his
This is a very, very, very, very, very serious mistake.
It's always a good idea to have limits. Keeps things fresh, prevents negative things from taking roo
This would single handedly revitalize our republic. 
So Beto "fake Mexican" o'dork now has a chance. Awesome OP
Maybe Clinton will give those donations back now that they need the money? 
bureaucrats. Could just call themselves totalitarian support group right away. Nothing promotes a bi
Lies.  
Unless they're raped by her busband
Seems that way with this damn Bird Box movie too.  
Ah, the good old Chimpanzee Bridge. Been over the old one a few times.
Hey it's Rob Spaghetti.
Today Mr. Spaghetti dispenses a red pill 
Build the wall...charge a toll at point of entry to pay for it.Bridges do it all the time
True
The only thing Apple did in America is Tim Cook donated money to antifa every year lol
Didn’t Pelosi’s Husband dump all his Apple Stock a few days ago? 🤔🤔 Insider Trading?
The fact Apple tired to say their products aren't made in China is the icing on the cake. 
She could have made a way better cover with a close-up of trimmed bush or something, give us a reaso
The finest cast I-run! ~ N. M.

Nothing wrong with a good Cast-Iron Cookbook!
Free blowjob with every book.
Watching that clip was physicality painful.  I actually felt a surge of pity for her husband...
She should watch it. Injuns have a bad history with the fire water. 
What an idiot. 
Cute but one problem: that’s not human. 
Next: A humanity tour.
She also loves her racist figurines don’t forget 
I still like beer! Lol
Painfully cringey.
I hate to give them a clue, but millennials want one thing: They want to hear the
Elizabitch
Why the vegan push? Who pays to promote such propoganda?
How could such low-talent people climb so high. It’s not that they are untalented, but they’re defin
They eat kids but they want us to eat all vegetables?
She’s got free meals for life at Popeye’s. Seems like a shitty spokesperson.
They just want us to taste better for themselves 
Reading this at Gus’s.  Damn, those veggies must be good!
Wealthy ass-plants indeed. 
I’m sure that big ass of hers taste just like pork ! He’ll be fine 🤮
They want everyone as weak as possible... they want men more feminine and everyone weaker
She’s going to be at TSOTU. I bet on it. 
 What an avoidable tragedy.  Polosie and Schumer are the scum of the earth.
Build the wall GEOTUS! We are with you! Burn it all down if need be!
RIP to the officer. Wish the democrats could bring themselves to send respects instead of just ignor
But all the DEM Congressmen and women have tweeted NOTHING about the killing nor have they contacted
**HIS NAME WAS RONIL SINGH**
Did Obama ever visit or reach out to people who lost someone they cared about to a tragedy by an Ill
Next time please address him as President Trump. 
Nothing has pissed me off more than seeing this officer’s brother bawling on TV. That really hit hom
What a wonderful man.
My heart truly goes out to Mrs. Sing, their son and entire family.  This is not the America they dre
Was this before or after Nancy Pelosi and Barbara Boxers calls?

Oh yeah that’s right...
It's a national emergency

Americans are dying!
Whoa. It's happening! Maybe Trump should attend Officer Singh's funeral if permitted but certainly m
He obviously loved his son.  It's so sad that his little boy lost his father before he even had a re
I’m glad the president is on the side of law and order...can anyone name the last time an American o
Trump is such a soft hearted guy. I only wish people could see past the brainwashing and see the rea
Hail POTUS
Trump is a President who CARES about all American citizens!
CNN probably: Too soon!!! Drumpf rudely interrupts widow’s day with unwanted phone call!  In peaches
Here is the thing.

Left loves to show pics of kids locked in cages(from Obama era)

Trump loves to 
If he would have got one DUI as an American in Mexico, he could have gone to prison, then deported. 
So sad :/ every immigrant I know supports the wall. Such a slap in the face to work so hard, get cit
#CNN spin machine checking in: 

Breaking news- Trump lacks respect for Widow when saying "he loved 
So if he is an illegal alien, who is paying for this mental health eval that the article is talking 
Trump is so genuine! Of course he is appealing to his base, but there is no doubt he truly believes 
I say we build a wall separating us from Canada 🇨🇦 home of the “refuge” 
faux news
Bet this was all over the news.
It would be great if he could attend the funeral of Officer Singh to refocus the public's attention 
thank god-we know who really cares and its trump. It was really hard sitting here watching everyone 
It blows my mind how hard they're trying to nerf this story ever since it came out the murder was an
His Name was Reggie Singh!
Fuck ya pence. So sexy
She changed her race AND her name? 
Blacker than cumallah harris and corey gropeher
Trans black 
If she develops forehead ridges and proclaims herself a Klingon, I think I'm going to literally expl
Did she transplant the hair on the front of her head somewhere else?
Mental illness is such a sad thing when it’s encouraged instead of treated. The left should be asham
She's gonna throw some white face paint on and a red nose and go by Pennywise the Clown pretty soon.
Her parents virtue signaled to the Nth degree and adopted a small army of black kids.  Rachel has sp
Bitch lookin like bozo the clown with that wig on 
I saw her at the Hi-Co mart in the "Perry District" in Spokane a while back. The woman is 95% hair a
The surname suggests she's got a side bet on being also Hispanic just in case Black people tell her 
She looks like Larry from the Three Stooges. 
Liberalism is a mental disorder 
I like the 90s klingons way better then the ones on Discovery
Sadly, the NY Post is heading in thst direction. Murdoch is really trying to buy up more media compa
Washington post be like. "Child hit by oxygen canister" with a picture of trump next to it.
Take the refugees with you back to Israel.
First they act as judas goats, then they jump ship...
Border ~~Security~~ ^inconvenience 
Aww golly gee!
I would choose “Dude”
Wonder what that itemized item costs in their tuition bill? 
I identify as a TRUMP support. 
Fuck islam 
Being born 8 days earlier, this doesn’t mean as much to me because I barely remember it but it pisse
Federal grand jury looking into evidence that it was also a controlled implosion.
Wish they had built them both back, but even taller and more magnificent.
Ha I looking out my window and can typically look across the bay and see the Freedom Tower.  Too fog
Smells like thermite
Didn't think I'd run into any Amon Amarth here. 
This is beautiful.
My redpilled 16 year-old son can play lead guitar on this.   He loves Amon Amarth and he loves GEOTU
This is actually the Sabaton cover of the song, but fuck yeah!
We need more bricks!
Whatever it takes! #DrainTheSwamp
Stable genius. 
I cracked up when he said it. I knew what it was. He knew what he was doing. He hit her harder than 
Master. In one sentence he annihilated her on so many levels. 
That was great. I knew what he was doing as soon as he said it. Btw stealing this
It’s such a strange quote for GEOTUS until you put it into context and then it makes sense.

People 
How is he so quick and deadly?? Damn I wish I could pull that off. 
Fucking good, he is
That was my gut reaction. Trump is a real genius. 
umm, here's a turn of phrase....the woman said "mutha fockar" in front of her minor son.    There's 
Yes. 
Some people, regular people, would regard the profane Muslimah's vile statement as offensive, hurtfu
Almost a Sharia challenge, hmmm?
What islamic law did she break talking shit about an infidel?
Yup. I said this a few days ago. 100% stable genius
"She dishonored her family and herself" is solid ground for a justifiable "honor killing" under shar
Isn’t it ok for her to break sharia law for Taqiyya? 
haha exactly what the communist rag bitch likes to hear... 'dishonoring muh fuhmily reeeeeeeee'
I noticed. Trump is glorious. 
It’s Rashida...

I know this because 🤦‍♂️ she’s my representative. 
Why is she in there anyway 
CNN: Trump advocates for Sharia law and his base applauds 
"Hey Rashina!"

"What?" 

"There is a car outside. It says Sharia Patrol on the side." 

"wtf?"

"So
If the govt. Doesn't have work for you then take your ass on craigslist and find something else. 
Nothing about Reagan’s son in that piece 
Hilarious considering how liberal google employees tend to be...
Big shock: evil mega corporations stayed evil AGAIN?!
You can't tax business, you can only tax people.

Customers, workers, shareholders (your 401k)  - th
It’s kinda insane how a tech companies taxed total can literally fund a wall. I don’t think it would
[Google is evil](https://wikileaks.org/google-is-not-what-it-seems/)
I don’t really blame large companies for trying as hard as possible to avoid giving their money to a
Remember that time NYT was caught red handed buying internet clicks from Chinese bot farms to falsel
They were just having a jihadi emergency. Poor kids had went weeks without beheading someone and jus
Just a lone pack of wolves as they media were suggesting.
I'd like to feel bad for these stupid women... but I just can't muster it...


I bet each and everyone of them skull fucked the head
Barbaric and pure evil. I wish we could throw them on our American prisons. They'd be raped to death
I am generally against the death penalty, but I could make an exception for these fellows.
[I'm shocked, SHOCKED!  Well, not that shocked. ](https://youtu.be/N4vIBijzg4w)
Moroccan government must be seriously worried over tourism revenue.
At least they weren't racist. 
It took fifteen of those dumbfuck muslims to kill two women. Fifteen. And not one of them had the hu
I'm surprised more of these Europeans don't move to South America or the United States where you can
What Europeans? They're members of the global village now.
Long hair don’t care until it affects Americans. Let every other nation outside of our walls burn in
With all those reward points, Trump can stay free at any hotel in the US for 7 years
TDS.
Where would he be without Trump? 
Exactly. We spent the Cold War with constant military presence along the borders between West and Ea
I am Canadian, i used to love saying that but now I hate this country and how its changing. Our larg
Is Canada really a threat???
Cause N. and S. Korea hate each other's guts for some arbitrary reason.

Everyone, ~~exeecpt OP~~, l
Trump has mastered the art of dodging gotchas with 10 second advertisement for his policies.
Oh no, the Democrat bots have come to downvote. I guess they’re working on weekends now.
This man is incredible.

I'm still in awe that globalists have refined their powers of propaganda to
This man is one of the greatest leaders our nation has ever had. The press is having a terrible time
It's so funny that you have to explain every single little Nuance to the left. They are literally li
I like how he's basically figured out how to handle people Acosta-ing (asking "follow up" questions 
Nuked from orbit you dumb cunt
President Trump - a real life Man of Steel! I knew he was a superhero.

Dems, troll all you want, do
Trump is running the country like a business.   USMCA is now a revenue stream that will pay for the 
That's MY President keeping his pimp hand strong. 
If China stops making Fentanyl the entire West Coast real estate bubble will pop. Most of the money 
But why male models?
Los Pollos Hermanos
Anyone who watched Breaking Bad was onto this. Art imitates life.
Except Colorado Springs is in El Paso county the Republican strong hold of the state. I would know I
OT, but is anyone else bothered by restaurants that are just all alone in a parking lot and not surr
I am sad to see that Monica’s Taco Shop is being implicated. Their tacos were fucking amazing. Looks
Gus
Investigate the "tire shops" too
If only we had a barrier, a wall if you will, to keep the cartels out
Los pollos Hermanos? 
Build it high.
Really!?

Wait, Colorado is controlled by Democrats. I see.
Cali implants.
I bought my yellow vest today. Got 2 just in case!
The left can resist and so can we. Fuck 'em.
“Shall not be infringed” 
As far as I know no guns used in mass shootings were acquired this way and would only hurt the law a
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2019/01/04/house-democrats-introduce-bill-criminalizing-private-g
However will it make it through the senate and end up with Trump's signature?
They really want to lose BIGLY in 2020 it seems!
The left has opened the door to  choosing which laws one has to  obey. Guess what? What's good for t
I can’t wait until 3d printing allows people to simply print guns and people see how pointless laws 
Time to buy more guns and ammo
#VETO 

Proving EVERY day THEY are a WASTE of time and money!
They know that bills like these have zero chance of passing but want to show their base how woke the
Frankly I don't care about this.  I'll take the downvotes, but I'd never buy a gun in a private sale
It needs to be pointed out that the United States has almost 9 times the population of Canada. Even 
Castros son..BTFO!
She has to know that part of her party really don't care for her pompous ass.
He would tell the TRUTH!!
Would make me watch  it just for him. 
He would be booed 
He's not a leftist. Which immediately disqualifies him from pretty much anything to do with Hollywoo
If you look [REEEEAAAL close,](https://youtu.be/A8mUMSi5M8g?t=242) you might see a couple times they
What was that obstacle that prevented movement or access?
If Trump posted this video, it would be the greatest tweet of his entire presidency.
London, England put cameras everywhere.

Now, the most violent it has ever been.  Cameras, and camer
It is very simple. 
 
Drones, e-wall, sensors, patrols, lasers, whatever the hell you want that anyo
Drones will allow us to better see the thousands of invaders pouring into our country. For some reas
Do Dems honestly thinks it's a better idea to flood the skies with drones, endlessly piloting/mainta
#Llama Llama needs to know, llama llama wants to see. Will Trump close the border, and make them all
Schumer is a total dork and uses tons of logical fallacies in order to save face from the real probl
This video proves that only one thing works...  lassos.
I wonder how much these drones cost and the fuel, maintenance and pilots. All to watch people run ac
As a drone owner myself, I can confirm that they are mostly used for capturing footage. They will no
Why not both? 
The wall needs to have live stream webcams.  Whenever there is activity detected in cam video, an au
What’s the point of drones and security cameras if they don’t stop or prevent the crime from happeni
HOLY SHILL

*Post was upvoted to 6, then pummeled to 0, however:

MODS ARE NOT TODDS!
The tail wiggle right at the end, hahaha.
When I was in grad school for CS I worked with my advisor on a project awarded to him by ...I think 
Idk guys.  If they make a YouTube channel that shows the chases with yakety sax in the background, i
Pretty much what it looks like when I play Goat Simulator.
That is one of the funniest videos I have ever seen. 😂
What I’ve learned from this video:
- [American good ol’ boys ](https://youtu.be/-M5vqQLCo1U) are a N
One cowboy with a lasso coulda taken care of them real quick. Forget drones, man the walls with cowb
I'm ok with just drones, if they're allowed to shoot.  
Oh, what? You want to cripple their main fea
Tina, you fat lard, come get some DINNER!… Tina, eat. Food. Eat the FOOD!
Every heard of E-Verify?
Walls work at night, in  the rain and wind. 
I love that the final catch is with a lasso. Yeee-ha!
Drones without a wall is just a better view of America getting fucked
Poor llama's they were being chased by what looked like people in white headdresses, maybe the local
All they were missing was a roundabout scene.  
With a wall: We keep illegal aliens out and enforce our borders.

With drones: Illegals pour across 
I really hope trump tweets this out. 
Libs think it is their jobs to fail.
Leftists: "No, drones will work! After they're spotted, the undocumented doctors and engineers will 
I posted on this a while ago Border Patrol has had a fleet of Predator drones operating out of bases
Drones WITH a wall. And automated shock rifles.
I think those drones would be better armed, AT the wall. 
Notice they never once jump any of the many walls
What about walldrones?
Unless they are armed with 50 cal.?
We don't need government drones flying above American soil period. 
Was this from when Obama did some dumb corrupt shit and they had to distract us for the rest of the 
This is actually a great response.
Is there anything yakety sax CAN’T make better?
LOL, I remember watching this as it happened. Funny thing is that a couple years later Gilbert, AZ h
the drones need to be armed. Armed with anti personal mines.
Quality shitposting, son.
Did they LASSO IT?? hahah I have never seen that done
#Live Free or Die!!!
Any luck catching them llamas then?
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lasso](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lasso)
Cowboys have still got it!
Dems want drones because of the "one foot" rule. Barriers would prevent migrants from getting on our
> That music in the video 

All I could think of while watching the video was: [THIS](http://magaimg
Only if the drones are fully armed and weapons can be used without repercussion against people and o
All the dems in d.c. should have to watch this than write an essay to explain how well their drones 
Gotta be used with a wall, especially if cartels and smugglers are using them to assist in their act
A couple of Hellfire missiles would save a lot of lives once word got out...  just blow up a random 
Walls are great because they're simple but effective. They don't need batteries. They don't need som
Lassoes work.
As an avid drone pilot I laugh whenever I hear this. There are many types of drones but the only one
I hope those llamas(?) are ok.
I bet you don't see a lot of them things splattered on the road, like white tail deer, which are lit
Carl Wheezer would be chasing these Llamas down faster than you could say croissant. 
Llama llama!
We need Sundar to pilot the drones and drop off taxpayer paid android phones so that we can track th
Simple, drones are detection, not prevention. They can detect who crosses the border and must be rel
$5 bill for a wall to only block migrants from 1 country is so dumb, but then again why would I expe
I just spent a whole minute watching that.
How about Drones programmed to watch over the WALL patrolling 24/7 hours a day...
Drones for government would be ridiculously expensive. Imagine buying a maverick, government cost wo
And libs say cops are raciest. I see a black and WHITE lama being chased by 5-0. Bet those two Lama'
All I learned from this is that what we really need for better border security is lassos...
A bucket of feed would work better. 

  
Spez: to stop the llama not the Mexicans. 
Drones:

So we can SEE them....what happens after?

I've heard Democrat leaders speak of drones...su
Lol!
Now I know why Sim City featured llamas so much
Sarah should just cue this up at the next Press Beating when the children start asking questions abo
1000 people storm the border. Yeah, let’s fly a drone over them to show them who’s best. 
This is no brainer! Drone can't physically blocks the illegals board crossings, wall can. Once they 
This is how u flip a state.
Florida just went from Purple to Blue
Thank you for choosing TeleLink
I'm mixed on this.
God damnit. I left Missouri for Florida and now it’s going to shit too.
Dems are looking EVERYWHERE for more votes......what's next?
This right here is trump’s biggest threat for the 2020 election 
Did they get their 2nd amendment rights back too?
Why do you have any say in what the laws are if you don’t follow them anyways?
Mitt the bitch

The name fits

You know its legit
Calling him a deranged conspiracy theorist in 3....2....
Hope he releases a memo quickly stating that he isn't suicidal and doesn't have a heart condition.
Can imagine taking pride in your work and all of a sudden you’re dumped into swamp of tabloid news c
If an experienced reporter quits an MSM outlet because they're liars, will anybody hear?
Arkin must keep speaking out - Journalism is being murdered by corruption.

SPEZ: Extraordinary - Ar
I'm sure he will be found with 15 bullet wounds to the chest and it will be ruled a suicide within 1
https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/1080577071376674817
Hmmm..  Intriguing.  How many of these folks have to come out before people start to wake up?
I'm curious to read the essay he's working on when it comes out  


I hope he gets a good job soon
It’s funny (sad) to watch all my brainwashed liberal friends who were “against” war when Bush went i
Does he lift and frequent the gym often? 
NBC...Nothing But Communism
Somewhere joe Scarborough is changing his tampon in anger
I read Arkin's memo. He never said "it's Deep State Propaganda".

In fact, the only time throughout 
The media's only job now is to release the information the government gives them to publicize, and t
The left became the party of war when Obama launched a drone strike against civilians during his Nob
NBC = no brain cells
Run_script: conspiracy_theory.exe
I remember, but I’m not Shareblue.
Most Cubans that risk their lives crossing the ocean coming to America are more likely going to vote
I always wondered how they got this photo. 
Some of this is ridiculous. I'm not downplaying the tragedies but here in Spain there is lots of ope
So President Trump gets blamed for a one in a trillion type of accident but the dems don't get blame
On average, 6 people die in national parks PER WEEK! Sounds like our President is saving lives.
>National Park Service spokesman Jeremy Barnum said an average of six people die each week in the pa
Those people would have died from injuries anyway.
islam and muslims are swine and they should be treated as such.

Also, muhammad was a child rapist.
Fuck muslims 
We are free to criticize...watch this.... FUCK ISLAM!  (crickets) 
Mohammed was: 

* a rapist 
* a pedophile 
* an assassin
* a mass murderer
* a ruthless torturer
* a
Done!
Done
His only strength is photo ops. And even that fails half the time. He continues his father's work of
No I don’t believe he smart enough to be the Prime Minister of Canada. The power behind this puppet 
Check out his Christmas message on YouTube. Massive thumbs down every comment negative. He is done f
The fact he is an idiot poser should be enough to damn him.
Ahahaha
I created a GIF of this for last time we showed up on r /All...

https://i.redd.it/w3hd7f18z81y.gif
My fav post today 
"UP YOUUUUUUUURS!!!"
Damn, I'm banned for life over a gay joke. Keep it pc I guess lol 
I can’t even fuck with that sub tho 
Hell yes.
He's got my vote.
Most diffently for the Lulz!
Yes and yes
As much as I love James, and I'd love to support him. I can't give Hollywood the ratings.. they are 
still wouldn't watch it.  
I'd watch the highlights the next day.
Fuck yeah!
If watch for the ultimate trolling. To see him dominate them would be with every second of the other
Doing that very thing online from the comfort of your home and being on the side of the crybullies. 
It's obvious why:

You draw a picture of muhammad in a non-joking manner, and you can get beheaded.

This is bs. Compelled speech is against 1A
Hurting someone’s feelings  >  giving someone AIDS.  Liberals are insane.
Cool, I just will avoid them like the plague now.
1st amendment. I'll call the mentally ill any fucking thing I want to call them.
I'm beginning to think Lex Luthor was actually the good guy in 1978 Superman.
Any criminalization of speech is a fundamental violation of our social contract. 

Bet the ACLU will
As far as I'm aware, that bill never made it to law.

That said, if it ever does (or I'm mistaken), 
The more I hear about that state, the more I just want the San Andreas earthquake to happen so part 
You cant use the wrong one if you don't say any words to them. 🤔
Time to go on vacation to california and call everyone  schliim
To clarify:

While it is an absolutely batshit insane law, it only applies to healthcare workers. Th
And that's why we need the electoral college.
No way can we go to jail for mis-gendering someone.  It's the first amendment. Stupid ass cali.
1 in year in jail for freedom of speech
Men can never become women. 
Is California even part of the US? Like what the fuck is this? This is an unconstitutional law. 
LIBERALISM IS A MENTAL DISORDER
This is why I will never go to California.
Someone please detonate the andreas fault already.. pleeeease??
When will the next big earthquake hit California?
Want to see the person who is behind both bills?  [https://i.redd.it/y3w0cwvx51rz.jpg](https://i.red
Maybe I'm just being colourblind as usual and that sign is actually blue, but a purple triangle was 
And 6 months for women who raped underage boys...
Liberalism is going to cause a lot of people to turn to Islam out of retaliation. 
Lefty fact check sites calling this fake news. 
Last line of their "fact check" article...

"But we 
Lol I hope they do it. The Supreme Court would tear this to shreds and we'll have set a precedent ag
What is a xir?
Links please, OP?
Words hurt them.
Legit question.

If it is a crime to misgender someone, is calling them mean names also a crime?  
glad i’m not in Cali
This post was crossposted to r/BigBrainAlexandria by u/42turds ( [link](https://np.reddit.com/r/BigB
This post was crossposted to r/NaughtyBlueChecks by u/42turds ( [link](https://np.reddit.com/r/Naugh
Time to deport the communists. They are an existential threat to our society.
Liz Cheney missed the perfect opportunity to reply:

"You're right, that wasn't Socialism. It was Ro
Screw Liz Cheney. Deep state.  Why on Earth would anyone elect the fucking daughter of Dick Cheney?
I likes how you thinks, pardner.
I hear Honduras is lovely this time of the year, Mittens.
Iraq is vacant. That would be a juicy post for Mitt...
He won’t take it. He wants to run. Not sure as a Republican or Democrat though
How about that Mars mission?
Bad idea.  Send Romney to Honduras and even more will want to flee the country!
Iceland has nice weather this time of year.
Last time Jim Carrey was funny
The experts say a wall is needed
Globalist shills.

" Earlier this week DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen was planning to deliver  a bor
Listening to Pelosi after the meeting, it sounded to me like she was trying to tell or hint to Trump
Dereliction of duty
Trump needs to address the nation. In primetime, with all the facts right there. 
How quickly they will melt, like warm butter to a hot knife. 
Jim Carrey is a capitalistic story.
He plays a blithering idiot quite well. 
Jim x3 STD Carry
Orange carrot BAD!
I hope these idiots are around when I make stuff! It'll be fun! 
It's shit like this that makes me wish Bill Hick's "Arizona Bay" album becomes a reality: after all 
A coup in a south American failed socialist state. Captain Hindsight has a few words for you.
Mexican politician climbs wall to prove that Mexicans can climb walls.
"Man defeats fence Trump wants to replace, proving that Trump's wall would be useless"

Um, ok. Let'
I guess people forgot to notice, the guy had to climb the wall. 
Technically he is on US land illegally. 
that means a concrete topping is necessary
They cropped that photo. Is that because that's the shitty fence that's like 5 feet high?
Those people are always putting out senseless trash
This is why most property walls are embedded with broken glass and razor wire. 
Would be hilarious if border patrol sent a few bean bags at him while sitting up there. 
Imagine if he had been for the wall he would be dead already. Poor guy was probably forced up there 
His white shirt is incredibly clean to have climbed that rusted old wall......

Manlift hiding in th
Even their politicians are trying to escape the shithole.
The new wall design has spikes on the top. 
If he was sitting on the new wall, there’d be a spike coming out the top of his head
I agree. A wall is pointless. What we need is automated machine gun turrets that shoot anything that
Even if some people climbed said fence, we can without a doubt say they have earned their deportatio
How about an electric cable running along the top? A good shock once you get up there might deter pe
Fake news!

He was trying to illegally enter the country and got caught.
No way this guy climbed it solo. 
Low IQ.    
They sent their best...
Why didn't we arrest him? 
Now, ask yourself why Mexican politicians would be invested in obstructing the US border wall.  Just
Concertina wire.  Lots of it.  
Nice.  Now let's see your grandma and your kids do it too, or were you planning on leaving them behi
It would have been too perfect if the wall slowly fell over as he reached the top... One can dream. 
I like this interviewer. I watched a few of his videos lately. 
Start around the 15 mark, but the whole thing is fascinating.  
I have seen this. It was pretty damn good 
There are many job openings but the 312k jobs are people newly employed not new job openings
Oh nooo people that are a drain on this economy and country wont get to use their EBT cards to buy b
Fun fact: My single mother who is raising 3 children is not eligible for food stamps, despite making
None of this hurts Trump's base, we work.
Sounds good to me. The hordes will burn down democrat run cities when their dope money stops flowing
Hell yes.  Fuck public assistance.  So abused it isn't even funny.
I believe the correct stat is that food stamps could run out by February.

The resulting riots will 
Maybe take 30 minutes of your CNN-watching and recreational drug using time to teach kids how to mak
As someone who was forced on to stamps I am glad we have them. But it was never meant for lifetime m
Yup, they're poor for a reason. 4 years ago, I was only making $9 an hour. Last year I was presented
Ive heard of illegals opening up stores to sell all the shit they get for free and making money off 
Uhhhh remember the days when parents were responsible for school lunches?
Trump knows what he is doing...and we love it 
School lunches is one of the few government things I’m in favor of. 
Thats when we bring out the food boxes. If  you are really in need for food you will be thankful for
So parents will have to pay for their own kids?

>muh school lunch

when I went to school there was 
for many americans the choice is to work 2-3 jobs and NOT have a family or go poor and let governmen
I don't want to hear any adult referring to themselves as "poor" if they have:

a smartphone

a car

maybe the States could step up and provide for their residents.
Or vote in order to prevent the thousands from iliegally entering and draining the system ment for c
Lol this all hurts the demonrats way more than us 
The dems better bend over soon or else this will get bad. Trump is a negotiator by nature and this i
Haha that's one way to get the dems off their asses. 
Oh no.... All those people abusing food stamps to buy PS4's and Xbox One's wont be able to get free 
Translation: "we know our demographic"
Yes!

Keep it going!
Reagan was right. THE BEST SOCIAL PROGRAM IS A JOB!
>Vox

https://imgur.com/a/x3KDN
I love liberal media, because it’s some of the biggest and most obvious BS on the planet and people 
Would be a good opportunity to push some people off government assistance and maybe get a job. But I
This is an upside, not a downside.  These leeches don't deserve squat.
I pay for my school lunches Vox. They’re not government provided.

Ok well they are but I still have
Now that's a great meme pede, good job! ...MAGA!
Lots of real jobs out there. Maybe this will push people to start trying.
People that vote democrats are suffering. Tough shit. Build the wall. 
Ya know, states can tax people for that stuff and the feds dont need to be involved.
Long form tabloid. 
With an unemployment rate of just 3% and literally hundreds of thousands of jobs opening every month
When I went to school they didn't give you lunch unless you FUCKING PAID FOR IT!!! NO MORE FREE LUNC
Why is the federal government paying for schools run by the states
Well that sucks!
Then fund the schools locally.  Like we should.
school lunch should be funded but who the hell cares about food stamps? doesn’t everyone already kno
Good.
The Democrat vote-serfs (the Democrats have trapped these people in a cycle of dependency) will be b
90 days to start working, glass half full. 
You should have put the number of job openings...[which is 7.1 million.](https://www.bls.gov/news.re
Mostly GOOD
You mean people will have to pay for their own food instead of me paying for it so they can get over
I don’t care 
1/2020 and 0/2020
One pretended she was black and the other an indian
It's a wall but it identifies as an unprotected border.  
That post is a badge of honor.
Damn i've never hit triple digits and I try pretty hard sometmimes. Spicy 
I guess those who aren't getting paychecks are in denial that they're "non essential"

SAD!
The whole thing is a lie, funny enough.  Each and every servicemember is eligible for zero interest 
That man looks like Ben Shapiros fat brotherm
I'll try and beat you
Make the shutdown permanent.  Reorganize the services found to be actually necessary to be classifie
It’s always awesome when the most logical response is the most triggering. Liberal gag reflexes peak
The whole thing can be fixed using 0.1% of this year's federal budget.

Not exaggerating for effect 
We got your back +250 karma meow bitches.
I used to think that Reddit was different from Twitter and Instagram, seems like I was wrong
The bots are hard downvoting any mention of the wall.  You can even quote Schumer in how he is super
As of now you are a + 170 updoots so no loss. 
[removed]
The DOD is funded tho... https://dod.defense.gov/News/News-Releases/News-Release-View/Article/164877
Isn’t that the guy that went crazy and shot the drill sergeant and himself? Makes sense
Literally judge people by skin color- the left 
It is the party of superficial judgement over thought and it champions this by dividing people. To m
They post that as if everybody just reflexively believes #1 is a superior image. It’s not 

Give me 
#SHITHOLE COUNTRY

#VS

#GREAT COUNTRY
White skin is just a construct, those people are actually black.
Because there is only one proper way to think, to them, diversity of skin color and gender is the on
R Kelly raped a 14 yr old girl and got away with it
R. Kelly ....... the real pee pee tape
Bird box was pretty good, though.
Bunch of dickphobics. 
http://www.realsexism.com/
wow that was a awfully **NICE SEE THROUGH WALL**  that school had protecting the children!
Where were all these teachers when I was in school? 
She’s eaten his soul.
Bill Clinton is inherently evil evil people don’t age well
Nancy, the American people aren’t with you on this.  You are choosing human and drug traffickers, cr
I reject your sanity!
Batshit Pelosi: I reject reality 
Rejecting facts is a real democratic illness 
I was  little worried after the last election, but now realize 2 years of this shit will put the fin
The left has found it's new campaign slogan! 
Pelosi's entire world view: "Nuh-uh!"

And she *leads* the democrats.  They all must be so proud.
Pelosi say a wall is a crime against humanity
Just like she rejected this Angel Mom https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6F9ZJIklCko
Fact: Trump is a Bad Motherfucker.Honey Bunny should be cool like Fonzie and shut the fuck up
T_D is one of the few tolerant places on the Road Internet that will still talk about truths like th
First it was LGBT. Then it was LGBTQ. Now its LGBTQ followed by 5 or 8 more letters. Then when that 
I'd give money to make this happen.  Why do they always want to move to Countries that are whiter th
Most other countries in the world actually have immigration standards.  That’s lost on these fools.
The wall only works one way. You can leave.
Just like when they all said they were moving to Canada...2 years ago. tik tok 
I would be willing for the government to do an amnesty of sorts where all taxes are waived before le
Please, do yourself and everyone else a favor and 
#just leave already.
It's like that kid in elementary school that says "If you keep saying mean stuff Im gonna hit you!" 
Imagine that, being in the same picture as a young child and not looking like a complete creep.

Tak
"ok Mr. Trump, smile and say "electoral college"! 
Its cute that they're checking out shitposts toghether. 
I love that I can look at this picture and not think that he has impure thoughts.  Imagine this pict
Great picture, just great.
That face shows nothing but kindness. You can't fake that.
A cutie and a cutie.
I’m 37 and I wish President Trump was my grandfather. Mine died when I was 3. 
I smell a meme format.
Her: And this is a picture of the chuck roast my Mommy cooked me for Christmas dinner.

Trump: \*gas
This is how you interact with children Joe 
How can ANYBODY not love Trump?
“See? This is the frog that makes the left go crazy! Isn’t he cool?”
If that was Creepy Uncle Joe his hands would be all over that little girl
Anybody care to imagine what this picture would look like if it was creepy joe?
So adorable! Does anyone remember the photo of Trump with a kid mowing the lawn? He's so great with 
Kid: And then you tweeted that it was ‘very disrespectful’.
GEOTUS: It was, everyone agrees, believe
Joe Biden is not only creepy, but also looks like one of those guys whose breath would smell like do
“And that’s when I told her, because you’d be in jail”
Such a wholesome photo
I LOVE THIS PRESIDENT!
That'd be so cool to be that close to the president tbh 
He's such a grandpa. ❤️
I want to see that selfie!!!!!!!
Authentic and Genuine.....  The best qualities a President could have!  
*looks at memes*
Is this one of the grandkids or a random little girl?
People who can't see it are disabled. It's a disability!
For once I wished I was a little girl 
Great pic, great POTUS .
Biden would be whispering sweet nothings into this girl's ear like a fucking creep. 
that's sweet !
Good thing she didnt take a selfie with Joe Biden...
There is no doubt about it. Trump makes promises and then tries hard to fulfill them even at great p
"This is a Groyper. He's kind of like Pepe the Frog, except he's a toad and he exudes an aura of ext
Donald Trump Love Kids 
What did the girl show him ?
"REEEEEE its 1WORLD TRADE CENTER, XENOPHOBE!" -Liberals
Very nice.   I'm old enough to remember back when everyone was complaining about how ugly the old Tw
> LOS ANGELES — Enes Kanter revealed after the Knicks’ 119-112 victory over the Lakers he won’t be h
Don’t let these cavemen bring their fucked up tribal nonsense to our country. Keep these animals out
Gun Totting Hippies......This is truly the best timeline! 
[Hippies with guns?](http://i.magaimg.net/img/2xpz.jpg)  Imagine that...
There are many gun toting libs in Austin too.
Told you so 
I thought we had defeated ISIS.
Potty mouth!
I love me some loves. 
Lol they know what an effective tactic this will be. 
Love how /democrat are trying to justify their existence, and complain about why they get banned fro
This is a an actual /pol/ post that WAS posted on T_D

 

It gave me the idiot shivers when I saw it
Praise KEK! Let's see the down votes roll in.
83% upvoted, so 17% NPC-bot-net?
If it was so important,  why didn't Congress declare war ?
So then why the fuck didn’t the approve of it for President Obama
what Seinfeld interview? 
Colbert has been a massive disappointment. He seemed like a sane person. Even pretty smart. Now, Jes
Him lampooning Bill O'Reilly (and conservatives in general) was actually kind of funny, I would watc
I was sad to see his fall from the Colbert report. But honestly based on how crazy Jon Stewart turne
Do it Colbert!
[Seinfeld interview ](https://youtu.be/SK3H4MzPJ_Q)  

A sad sorry replacement for Letterman. 
rent free
I honestly think he just switched to a different character.
Didn’t anons or Wikileaks post something about him receiving a large sum of money from the Clinton F
Colbert is just another victim/perpetrator of the Pedophocracy  http://www.whale.to/b/pedophocracy.h
More meme material incoming.
Will she announce this 5 times, then rent a Scooby van?  New Flash Lizzy:  we don’t like you either.
LMAO!
When running for the presidency in 2012, Donald Trump endorsed Mitt Romney’s candidacy with great fa
Come and try that in Idaho, you prancing faggots.  We'll mop you up and charge you with illegal asse
They are going to get killed
Antifa also shakes down small businesses.  They run a "protection" racket.  Antifa is actually a Ger
They need a “Hans, are we the baddies?” Moment 
Meh, bunch of fuckboys on Facebook. Essentially LARPers. They don't pull that kind of shit in Nashvi
I'd be curious to see what G2 Research's 5.56mm exploding bullets do to soy. 🤔
They know we’re the side with guns, right? 
I can't believe these little fruits even exist.
Anyone know exactly where? Because I live 30 minute away and open carry.
What locations specifically?? The Olive garden?
Someone is going to get shot over this
This is Tennessee. A vast sea of red around Memphis, Nashville, and Knoxville.
I'd love to have a happy 'accidental encounter' with a band of of these bogus Bolshevik Brownshirts.
Sounds like the local mma gym needs to wear MAGA hats and test these no go zones. 
Are they still a thing? Yawn.
In Nashville?  These people are a cancer
The simple difference between legitimate Nazis on the right and Antifa on the left; the Nazis on the
They look like they’re in a queue to get castrated
its about time to water the tree of liberty with these fuck sticks.
Everyone in that image looks like the people I see when they show photos of ISIS.  Coincidence? 
At what point do we put rabid dogs down?
These guys are Marxists. 
Just walk in wearing a maga hat and carrying an AR.  They'll disappear like cockroaches
They are practicing facism
Where are these supposed No-Go zones? Me and my buddies would like to visit one this evening. 
Really? Around and to a bunch of really southern men and women? 

Bold move cotton. 
I'm teaching my teenagers to drive. One of our hypotheticals is a situation like this where Fa is bl
Conceal carry a flamthrower
Please, someone declare them a terrorist group already so we can go in and beat them down.
Every person I know in Tennessee carries. This will not end well for antifa
How will they be able to tell
I'm sure the "No-go" zones are areas what conservatives don't want to go anyway.
Get the .30-30
Establishing fascism to prevent "fascism". What could go wrong?
In my house, we just call them "Fa"
Where are these stupid people coming from!? How are the fed, clothed, and sheltered!?!? 
Antifa establishing “NO-GO” zones where they ban, intimidate, attack conservatives if they dare ente
As i was scrolling and saw only the first maybe 10% of this image, i thought this was a group of ter
Antifa dudes would have rhinestone belts lol
If they are a terror group why aren't they just rounded up and arrested straight away? If they were 
I usually callout the ANITFA cowards. Gotta say, doing this in Nashville TN takes some semblance of 
I would vote for a potted plant over Warren... 👍🏼👌🏼🇺🇸😁
And by saying so, she is admitting she made up her fake heritage, claiming benefits meant for someon
Love the part where she is telling them about African American Housing hasn't changed for years...no
Who sold fire water to this squaw?
TIL water is wet
At her rally. With 43 citizens. At a bowling alley? She gonna need to pick it up a bit....
The lady who was listed by University of Pennsylvania, Harvard during her temporary tenure, and Harv
” She listed herself as a minority on a legal directory reviewed by deans and hiring committees. The
🌶️🌶️🌶️ **Moar Spice of the Day!** 🌶️🌶️🌶️

[https://www.reddit.com/r/The\_Donald/comments/actq4t/the\
LOL or... BETO, a rich billionaire white boy. I can’t wait to see how they justify that one vs. rich
Critical thinking isn't their strong suit.
Well when you drink children's blood to stay young it fucks up your brain so...
She’s always rubbing her tongue on her teeth. It’s weird
I hope someday she just wanders off and can't be found.
Ask Mitch for some cocaine
Sometimes the botox goes right to the brain, or what's left of it in this case. 
“It’s all Donald Bush’s fault!!!”
She’s the best they got, when you look at the current crop of Muslim family fuckers and commie dance
She does better if Schumer is standing next to her to bump her and whisper what she should be saying
Sad! Romney is the new Flake...
Let’s just axe all these unnecessary jobs and then let’s kill public sector unions while we’re at it
